
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 01|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-01|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>To understand how this adventure began you need to read the first story, "Our lucky weekend." This chapter can stand alone, but you would like it better if you read the other first, or later. The following is how our life changed after winning the lottery. Not all chapters are full of hot steaming sex but they make good reading and lead into other parts. Enjoy!</em>

*

If you watch the news, the normal big money lottery winner is a 70 year old toothless couple living in a trailer in the south someplace. Not this time. The south part is right, but that is about all.

Several years ago, we hit the lottery for big money, really big money. We wanted to stay out of the media, but we had to consent for them to take our picture and interview us before they would give us the money. So for the next year or so we had to put up with the fruits, nuts and flakes, or the granola bars as I called them, that called and came by the house all the time wanting a hand out. No matter how many times we changed our phone number, they still got it. After we built the house and moved, we got rid of most of them.

My name is James and my wife is Dawn. For lottery winners, we don't fit the norm. We are in our thirties and I would say in the upper well educated middle class. Our friends always made fun of us for playing the lottery since we didn't really need the money, but we did it just for fun when we were on our trips and always told them it helped support the schools. 

I have a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology and work in a hospital setting. Dawn is a surgical nurse with an advanced degree working for a well known reconstructive plastic surgeon. We live well now, have a nice house and cars and no kids. Dawn is 5' 2" tall, long beautiful black hair and a perfect petite body you would kill for. She has a nice set of C breasts and a beautiful ass. I am 6' 5", attractive I have been told and well proportioned; all of my body is well proportioned to my height. 

Dawn and I met in a prestigious university in the south. I was working on my doctorate and she was working on an advanced graduate degree in surgical nursing. Both our parents had enough money to put us through college with the help of student loans. Dawn finished graduate school when she was about 25 and went straight to work, she is very talented and paid well. We got married the year after I graduated and started my residence. After several years in residence, I went to work in the university hospital where Dawn already worked, I also taught part time at the university.

Within a few years after our marriage we each had settled down in our careers and the money was good. We ran in the same circles with the doctors and lawyers in town and partied regularly with this bunch. Most of them made a lot more money than we did, but they were still a good crowd.

Like I said, several years ago we hit the lottery big, almost a record jackpot at that time. We took the money in a lump sum and gave some away and invested the rest well. Our friends knew about the money and many helped us make the right connections to invest and protect it. After we got the money, we both cut way back on our hours, all I could do now was teach because of the threat of lawsuits, but Dawn really liked her work and worked more than I did. Beyond that, we decided to live smart and well. We built a big house and bought ourselves nice cars.

We have always had a good sex life, but with more time to spend with each other we had started having an excellent sex life. Dawn had opened up even more sexually and become even more adventurous, but nothing outside our marriage for us. When we built the house, we had equipped it with a very nice gym as well as a large pool and several hot tubs. Dawn had noticed the few pounds she had put on while working too many long hours and realized, although still hot, her shape had suffered some. She began working out a lot in the gym, lost the extra pounds and moved everything back in place after 6 months of working and swimming. She now had an even sexier incredible tight body.

Since the house was located on a very large piece of property, Dawn was now able to swim and sun bathe in the nude, something she had always wanted to be able to do. She had acquired a beautiful full body tan and liked to work out in the gym and wander around the house naked. She knew it drove me nuts and it usually ended in long boughts of hot sex.

One weekend in August, we threw a big party at our new house. It had been about 9 months since we had finished the house and our friends had been bugging us to see it so we thought we would throw a pool/dinner party. We invited all the couples we normally partied with and since it was going to be a hot afternoon we told everyone to bring their bathing suits. The party was to start on a Saturday about 2:00 in the afternoon, but we had told everyone to come when they wanted and dinner would be at 7:00. We were expecting about 10 couples so the dinner was catered.

The doctor Dawn worked for, John and his wife Carol arrived about 2:00, the other couples appeared shortly after until everyone was there by 3:00. The couples we knew were nice looking people and the women were very attractive, they ranged in age from late twenties to early fourties. 

Everyone wanted to see the house and was wandering around upstairs and down. Our very large bedroom and bath were upstairs. Many of the couples were surprised to see how large the house was and how well it had been decorated. Having been to most of their houses, ours was a bit large and better furnished. Dawn had spent a lot of time with an unlimited budget and several designers building and furnishing the house and property.

As I said, Dawn had become even more adventurous. One of the things that Dawn had left out in the house for the party was some rather exposing photos of her that I had taken. They were all very tasteful large black and white photographs. Most were of her in some very sexy lingerie, but a few showed a little more skin than I thought she would want others to see. I had asked her if she wanted to take them down, but she said no, I think she was rather proud of her body and all the work she had put into it. I was really surprised she left all of them up. The more revealing photos were in our bedroom. As I had shown several of the couples around the house, I noticed that many of the men and women commented on the pictures, the men taking long looks.

Our bedroom is very large and the attached bath is also large and is all marble and glass. I saw several of our friends whispering to each other as they left the bathroom. One item that was in our bedroom that got a few stares was black tantra chair that sat in front of the large French doors leading out to the large upstairs deck and hot tub. Everybody commented on the shape and design of the 'strange' chair. 

When John and Carol came up to the bedroom, I was showing another couple around. They toured the bedroom and bath and came out to the see the deck were I was talking to the other couple. Carol commented that we had an unusual piece of furniture, John said he thought he had seen the chair in a magazine before and wondered where we got it. Carol asked Dawn if there was anything special about the chair. She looked at both John and Carol and said straight forward that it was where we had our best sex. The two of them looked a little stunned when Dawn said that it was especially built for various sexual positions. 

I watched the expressions on their faces as they looked at Dawn then me then back at the chair. A smile came over John's face when he looked back at me. The other couple, Keith and his wife Elizabeth was standing at each end of the chair and were looking puzzled at each other.

With every in the bedroom now Keith looked at me and said, "I don't see how you can have sex on this thing."

Keith and his wife Elizabeth were younger than us and is a cool couple. 

Dawn looked at them and said, "There is a video that shows all the positions, would you like to see it?"

The chair comes with a DVD that is very well made and about 30 minutes long, it shows all the different sexual positions including the oral ones in complete detail with a nice musical background.

"After dinner, why don't you come back up and watch it," Dawn said.

"We would love to," came from John.

I led everyone out of the bedroom and back downstairs. When we got back downstairs, I pulled Dawn aside and asked, "What were you thinking of?"

"I just thought they would like to see how to use the chair."

She smiled and walked away toward the main room. I mingled with all the other guest, liquor was flowing and everyone was commenting on the house. Several couples were missing, I assumed they were wandering around the house someplace. There were about 10 people standing around the pool admiring the natural stone surroundings and the 10ft waterfall grotto at the end of the pool. 

I talked with everyone for about 20 minutes when Dawn came out. She had changed into a not so modest white bikini with a thin white wrap around her waist. All then men inside were staring at her as she walked out of the house on her way to the pool. In her skimpy bikini the men knew she must be sunbathing in the nude.

"It's hot everyone, change into your bathing suits and let's get in the pool!" She announced. 

"If you didn't bring bathing suits, there is an assortment laid out on the beds in the downstairs bedrooms you can change into."

It was about 4:30 and in our part of the country, it was the hottest time of day. I heard 'good idea' from several couples. Some had asked Dawn or myself which way to the bedrooms to change and we pointed them out. Most had brought suits with them at Dawn's encouragement. 

One of Dawn's nurse friends Amy asked Dawn if she had an extra suit, she hadn't brought hers but wanted to check out the pool. Amy was about the same size as Dawn except she was a full D cup. She is a little taller than Dawn with long beautiful red hair. Dawn took her by the hand and escorted her back up the stairs to I guessed our bedroom to find her a suit. Amy had a nice ass to go along with the D cup tits and had worn a mini-skirt to the party and a halter top. 

I had already checked out her cleavage while showing her around the house. Dawn wasn't the jealous type, but I didn't want her to see me looking at Amy. As the two of them went up the stairs, I was thinking that there was no way any of Dawn's bikini tops were going to fully cover those huge tits.

I turned back to the guest and encouraged more of them to change and pointed out other bathrooms and the pool house where they could change. Only a few of the couples decided they didn't want to swim. 

I went to the pool and sat down in one of the lounge chairs with a beer. A few minutes went by and people started coming out to the pool. The bathing suits varied from skimpy two piece bikinis, thongs and one piece suits to Speedos and shorts on the men. I thought to myself that all of the people were very nice looking. All of the women were hot and most didn't mind showing it off.

Almost everyone had a drink in their hand and some were slipping into the pool and others were slipping into the hot tubs. After about 20 minutes I looked for Dawn and Amy, I wanted to see what Amy had ended up wearing, they were not around. I knew Dawn wouldn't be in the water because I knew for a fact that the bikini she was wearing would become transparent as soon as it got wet. 

There was a lot of laughter and horse play going on and everyone seemed to be having a good time; about that time Dawn and Amy appeared.

When Dawn and Amy stepped out of the house the men just stopped and watched. Dawn had somehow gotten Amy to wear one of her skimpier bikinis. The top just barely covered her nipples, the bottom was a small thong. A few of the other women had thongs on, but Amy's front was barely covered. 

The bikini was emerald green and looked great in more ways than one on Amy. Amy was single so she had no boyfriend or husband to say anything. They walked up to where I sat, Dawn had a big shit eating grin on her face and Amy looked a little embarrassed. 

Dawn looked at me and I looked at Amy. There she was in all her glory with that alabaster white skin that only natural red heads have, I looked Amy up and down. Her nice ass was showing very well, I figured she must have very little pubic hair because the bottom of the bikini exposed a lot of her mound.

I took a long look at her large tits and noticed that she had rather large nipples that were erect and poking up inside the top. I looked at Dawn and noticed her nipples were nice and swollen also. Amy sat down in a chair across from me under the sun umbrella.

"I am not getting in that hot sun and burning," Amy said.

I didn't blame her. Dawn had left the wrap behind and was now looking very hot in her white bikini and tan.

Dawn wandered off leaving Amy with me and went to visit everyone around the pool area. She stopped and talked with John and Carol for a few minutes and then she pointed over to the waterfall and walked off to talk to someone else. John and Carol started moving toward the waterfall. 

The waterfall at the end of the pool was about 10 feet wide and high and fell down over the opening of a grotto like area that was behind the water. It was 3 to 4 feet deep behind it and there were seats underwater around the edges to sit on. When the water was on, you could not see behind the waterfall unless it was dark and the lights were on, then only shadows.

Dawn walked around to the steps on the side of the pool and took several steps into the water near Keith and his wife sitting on the steps. I watched closely because I knew she would not get that suit wet. The other couple was sitting in the water on the lower steps, the water came up to about their chests. Dawn kept moving down the steps until the water was covering about half of the bottom of her bikini. 

I thought this was going to be interesting because she was facing them. I knew when she stepped up a step the bottom of that suit was going to be see through. Even dry, everyone could see her small tuft of black hair through the bikini. She stood in the water covering just her pussy and mound for a minute then stepped back up one step and continued to face them and talk. Keith was a young doctor that worked with Doctor John, I knew Keith flirted with Dawn some at work, so did John.

Keith looked down from Dawn's eyes to the water and that was where his eyes stayed. I knew he was looking at my wife's pussy and small tuft of black hair through the wet bikini. He just continued to stare for a few minutes while his wife continued talking to Dawn. His wife turned to him, I think she had said something and he had not responded, she looked at his face then looked to see what he was staring at and then back to him and elbowed him rather sternly. He jumped and looked up at Dawn and then at his wife. His wife was giving him a rather harsh look. She looked back up at Dawn and smiled and then looked back to her husband then giggled. She said something to Dawn and they all laughed. Dawn stepped up and onto the pool deck. I looked at Dawn and she turned toward me and in a very deliberate fashion and pulled the front of her bikini out and let it go, trying to separate the transparent fabric from her snatch, she then turned and walked away. The move had help conceal her pussy but the crack of her tanned ass was clearly visible through the wet fabric.

I looked back at Keith and Elizabeth and they were embraced in a passionate kiss and I saw each of their hands reach over to the other's crotch, Dawn had really stirred the two of them up. I looked around the pool area and saw some other couples talking to each other and one or two making out. I got up and walked around and talked to the some of them for a while.

It was about 6:45 when Dawn appeared with her wrap back in place around her waist and announced that dinner would be ready in a about 15 minutes if anyone wanted to change. One of the guest asked if it would be okay to eat in their suits because they wanted to come back to the pool after the hot sun went down, Dawn said it would be fine. A few couples got out of the pool and went to change out of their suits. Several stopped and said something to Dawn on the way back in, she nodded and they went on into the house.

As everyone began to move toward the edge of the pool, Dawn announced, "Everyone take your time and dry off and get a drink, sit down for dinner when you are ready."

I stopped and told Dawn she had put on a good show for Keith and his wife, she looked at me and said she thought they enjoyed it. I told her I was going upstairs to change and headed toward the house. Dawn grabbed my arm and told me to get a robe out of the pool house instead of going upstairs and then she winked. 

As I walked around the patio to the pool house, I noticed John and Carol coming out from behind the waterfall and then Keith and his wife. I wondered what had been going on behind the water fall.

Eventually everyone moved to the huge dining room off of the den and sat down at the massive table we had put in there for very large crowds. I had been sitting at the table for a while when I saw one couple coming down the stairs from the bedrooms. I looked at the clock and it was about 7:15. They looked a little uneasy as they came down the stairs. When they sat down, they got a few looks and smiles from some of the other couples. Many of the other couples that were there we had known for a long time and were quite outgoing and loving to each other. At other parties, Dawn and I had noticed some of them disappearing into bedrooms. We had known what was happening because we had walked in on several of them while Dawn and I were looking for a place to fool around. 

I had no doubts as to where some of them had disappeared to during the day after they got out of the pool. The house had 6 bedrooms and various other places they could have gone.

Dinner went on until about 9:30, everyone eating and laughing and sobering up some from the afternoon of drinking. There were couples still in skimpy bathing suits, the ones that had not changed and others in robes and wraps we had supplied. It seemed as if the party was going well and everyone was having a good time. The food was great and the caterers had waited on everyone nicely.

They had cleared the table and everyone was finishing dessert and coffee, some of the people began to get up from the table and move to the furniture in the huge den. A few of the couples said good night to Dawn and I and said they needed to go because of their kids. About 10:30, it appeared that everyone who wanted to leave had and the rest were comfortable sitting around talking and flirting, the drinks had begun to appear again.

The lights had come on outside and the pool and the surrounding landscape was all lit up. About half the couples had moved back outside. With the house being secluded several of the couples had moved into the pool and other areas of the back yard and were fooling around. One couple had walked out to the gazebo that was partially secluded from the house but still well lit. 

I noticed that the couples outside where kissing and hugging and I saw a few hands squeezing and grabbing each other's body parts. I looked at Dawn and gave her a curious look, she stood up and came and sat on the couch beside me. 

I whispered in her ear, "What is going on with everyone?"

She leaned into my ear and began to whisper. "When I invited everyone to the party, I told them to come and enjoy the house and grounds as well as each other if they wished since the house was secluded and only the other couples would be here."

"I suspect some have been sneaking off into the bedrooms and the pool house," I told her.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"I hope so, that was what I had in mind. I hope you don't mind." 

At the other parties people had to sneak off and could not go outside because the houses were in the middle of large neighborhoods. Dawn wanted them to feel at home here. I told her it looked as if many were feeling at home.

I knew Dawn had been growing bolder with her appearance and sexuality lately, but I was beginning to wonder where all this was going. John and Carol walked over to the couch we were sitting on and set down on each side of us, Carol beside me and John beside Dawn.

Carol looked at me and said, "I was wondering if you would show us that video now?"

"What video?"

"The video about the sex chair," Carol said.

I had forgotten about that, I said 'sure'. They got up and motioned for the other couple that had been in the bedroom when we were discussing the sex chair and we headed toward the stairs. 

I looked at Dawn and asked, "Where is this going?"

"I don't know but let's see."

We got up and headed up the stairs behind the two couples. I got a chance to admire Carol's and Elizabeth's nice asses as I went. We left several other couples alone downstairs.

John, Carol and the other couple were still in their bathing suits, as were Dawn and I. As we entered the bedroom, the other couple, Keith and Elizabeth, sat on the side of our king size bed, John and Carol sat on the love seat over by the tantra chair. On the wall across from the foot of the bed there was a 60 inch TV. I asked if everyone was comfortable and they said yes. 

John asked were we had found the chair. I told him that there was a web-site where they were sold and he could just search for it on the internet. We were actually shopping for some new porn and toys when we ran across it.

"What do you do on it?" Elizabeth asked. "I can't see how you could have sex on it?"

If you have never seen a tantra chair, it looks like a half of a big S lying on its side.

"I will let you watch the video," Dawn told her.

Dawn looked at me and winked. I picked up the house remote; the entire house was all on remote controls. All of the stereos, TVs, DVD players, lights, everything, plus some other features. I turned the TV on and pulled up the menu for all the DVD's on the hard drive and found the 30 minute demo for the chair. 

I punched up the movie and it started on the big TV. The video opens with a very handsome couple in the nude sitting straddle on the chair having sex. Dawn and I watched the video many times when we learned how to use the chair. There were different couples that demonstrated about 10 different sexual positions, including oral sex.

Everyone leaned forward as they saw the first couple slowly moving on the chair. John and Carol looked at the TV then the chair and back to the TV. There was complete silence in the room. Dawn reached for the remote in my hand and turned the lights in the bedroom down about half way and then said 'Enjoy' and grabbed my hand and led me out of the bedroom. 

As we left the bedroom and went back out to the walk way that overlooked the huge open room below, one couple was wrapped in a full embrace on one of the sofas. He had his hand under her bikini top squeezing a breast, she had her hand down the front of his suit rubbing his cock. Dawn turned the lights down with the remote. I looked and saw another couple on the rug on the floor. She was missing a top and he was busily sucking on her tits. I looked at Dawn and said, "What have you done?"

"I hope I have given everyone an opportunity to loosen up and enjoy themselves."

"I guess you have done that."

Dawn is a bit of an exhibitionist and had flashed many people, but none of the other couples had ever been so open at any of the other parties. We had found we enjoyed watching others have sex and enjoyed being watched, but nothing this open at the other parties.

Dawn led me down the hall to the large upstairs study. The study was dark, no one had found it I hoped. The study was large with dark wood paneling and dark leather furniture. Dawn and I went in and sat on the large stuffed sofa. Dawn punched the remote and turned on a spot light that was over the sofa then she looked at the remote and turned on the large TV on the wall in the study. I closed the door to the room. 

In addition to all the TV's and lights in the house being on the remote, little did our guest know that the entire house and grounds were covered by video cameras and microphones. It was part of the security system for the house, but Dawn and I used it to record us having sex all over the house and other areas. 

"You want to watch?" She said.

"They are our friends." 

"So, they would watch." 

She popped up the camera that showed the downstairs room. Even in the dim light we could see everything. All of the cameras in the house were recorded individually at the same time on several computers, they could be played back easily. 

The couple that had been on the rug in the big room where now fully unclothed and fucking like dogs. We zoomed in and watched as the wife sat on the husband riding him like a horse. Dawn turned up the microphone a little so we could hear. The wife was groaning madly as she bounced up and down on her husband's cock.

We watched the two of them fuck for a few minutes. I commented that the wife had a nice set of tits. 

"Better than mine?" 

"No, just nice." 

"Where is the other couple?" Dawn asked. 

I punched up a camera that was on the other end of the room downstairs. It was pointed at the sofa they had been on. They had shed their swim suits and were in a 69 on the sofa. From the angle of the camera we could see the woman was sucking on a nice large cock.

"Nice," Dawn said. 

"Hey, my 8 inches is nothing to ignore!" 

As I said, the rest of my body was in proportion to my 6 foot 5 inch frame. My cock was 8 inches or more and more than handful in diameter. Dawn had spent many hours trying to deep throat me and getting accustomed to sliding her tight little pussy all the way down it. She looked at me and reached over and grabbed my hardening cock through my swim suit. We split the screen and left that camera zoomed in on those two and the other camera zoomed in on the two in the floor a while. "Let's see what is going on in the rest of the house," I said.

I was wondering about the couple that had gone to the gazebo a half hour earlier. The gazebo had its on camera and lights. I punched up the gazebo camera. The couple there was taking full advantage, they thought, of being secluded by the landscaping around the gazebo. 

They were a younger couple I knew from the hospital. The wife is tall and slender with a nice body I had noticed many times in her nurse's uniform at the hospital. Her husband is also tall and slender. She was on all fours on the lounger in the middle of the gazebo. He was pumping her madly from behind. I turned on the microphone and we heard her encouraging him on. 

"Fuck me harder David, harder, harder!" 

"I'm fucking you bitch!" 

"Harder! Deeper!"

This looked interesting. The camera view was from the side and the lights allowed us to see everything. David was pounding away at her, pulling his cock out of her pussy and slamming it back in over and over. 

"Fuck me harder!" 

"Fuck you bitch!" He said as he pulled back and slammed into her again.

Her name was Julie and I couldn't believe the language. She was always Miss perfect and proper at the hospital, even talking with the other nurses about all the work she did at her church.

"I'm coming! Faster, faster!" She began screaming as we saw her shudder with a massive orgasm and collapsed down on her face. 

"I'm not finished with you yet bitch." 

As she lay with her tits mashed against the cushions and her face buried, we watched as David pulled his cock completely out of Julie. 

"Now I am going to fuck you in the ass bitch!"

"No David, don't!"

I looked at Dawn and then we looked back at the TV. David reached down and wrapped a hand around his cock and appeared to be moving the tip of it to Julie's asshole. 

"No David!" 

"Shut up bitch!" 

We could see her juices covering his cock and hoped this was just sex play. He moved his hips forward while holding his cock up to her ass and began pushing. 

"No!"

He pushed farther and she began to scream. 

"Stop!" 

"Fuck you!" 

He slammed his hips up to her butt and she let out another scream. Then David reached forward and grabbed her by her long her and pulled her head back hard. 

"You love it don't you bitch!" 

"No, no, no....yes! Harder David, harder!"

Dawn and I relaxed. David continued pulling on Julie's hair and began to slide in and out of her ass, harder and deeper. David then reached down and grabbed each of Julie's hands and pulled back on them hard, jamming her onto his cock. 

"Oh my god!" Julie screamed.

David pounded her ass for a long time. 

"I coming again, fuck me!" Julie screamed.

David yelled, "I'm going to fill your ass with my hot cum!"

Then the two of them began to hump as she jerked and he jerked, obviously dumping a load in Julie. David pulled his cock out of Julie's ass and stepped around to her head. Julie rose up on her elbows as David stuck his still erect cock deep into her mouth. She swallowed him whole and was working her way up and down when I changed cameras.

"Wow," Dawn said.

"Looks like he had a good time."

"Check our bedroom," Dawn said.

I punched up one of the cameras in our bedroom, the one that was pointing at the chair. It appeared that John and Carol had figured out how to use the chair. Carol was sitting on one hump while John was down in the middle with his face buried in her pussy. Carol was grabbing John by the head and forcing his face into her pussy. When Carol had flirted with me at other parties, I had appreciated how nice a body she had, very firm tits and nice legs, now I could see for myself.

Dawn said, "That looks nice."

I punched up the camera over the bed. Since there was a light directly above the bed, we got a good view of Elizabeth and her husband. She was on her back with her knees pulled up to her ears while her husband was rapidly pumping her pussy. Elizabeth's mouth was open and her eyes were staring straight into the camera, not that she knew it. 

"Yes, yes, yes...!" She cried. 

"I guess they enjoyed the video," I said.

"Obviously."

We flipped through all the other rooms of the house and the pool area. In the other bedrooms we saw our friends making love to each other with abandon. We switched out to the pool area and much to our surprise, we found Michael lying on his back on a chaise lounge while his wife Lisa was sitting on his cock riding him up and down. 

To our surprise, Michelle, Jeff's wife, was sitting on Michael's face getting her pussy eaten by Michael while his wife Lisa worked herself up and down on his pole. While Michelle was enjoying the attention from Michael she was leaning forward sucking her husband's cock. This was the first foursome we had seen. We were surprised we didn't know any of the couples in our group were doing this. 

We watched for a while as they continued. Jeff finally came in a large thrust in Michelle's mouth. She finished him off and stood up and turned around and set back down on Michael's face. Michelle leaned over and locked lips with Lisa. I could only assume she was forcing cum into Lisa's mouth as they kissed for a long time. 

"That's fucking hot!" Dawn said. 

I have never heard Dawn express any interest in girl on girl action. I punched a few buttons on the remote and the screen split into 4 different boxes, each showing a different room. One more button and now each of the windows changed to a different room randomly every 2 minutes.

Dawn reached over and pulled at my suit. I stood up and let her pull it down my legs. She leaned forward on the edge of the sofa and sucked my now massive hard-on into her mouth as deep as she could. She licked and kissed the head of my cock and then licked up and down. She reached up and cupped my balls and then sucked as much of my cock deep into her mouth as she could. I could feel the head pushing against the back of her throat. 

"Ummmm!" She let out. 

She sucked me for all she was worth. I was in heaven, Dawn had always been great at giving head but she could never swallow all of me, even though she tried. After about 10 minutes of pleasure, I reached down and pulled Dawn to her feet. 

With the light from TV and the overhead light shining down in the dark room she looked magnificent. I reached around behind her and untied her top and let it fall. Her perfect areolas were nice and erect, nipples hard and swollen. I reached down and untied the wrap and let it drop to the floor. I slid my hands up her abdomen and squeezed each of her breasts, pinching each of her rock hard nipples. She reached down and wrapped a hand around my cock and stroked it slowly. I bent over again and pushed her bikini bottom down. 

I sat down on the sofa and pushed it all the way to her feet as she stepped out of it. Now in front of my face was her nicely cropped patch of black hair. I slid a hand up and slowly begin to massage her pussy lips, she was already very wet. I slid one then two fingers deep into her. She moaned as I slid my fingers in and out. I took my thumb and began to circle her clit with it, she moaned louder.

Dawn's juices began to flow even more. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and stuck them in my mouth, she tasted great tonight. I placed my hands on her hips and turned her toward the TV, she knew what to do next. I leaned back on the sofa, my hard-on sticking straight up at attention. Dawn began to bend and lower her pussy down to meet my cock. 

She reached around and grabbed me and lowered herself so the head of my cock was resting against her wet lips. I slipped easily into her as she slowly slid down my shaft inch by inch. Even as long as we had been together, she always had me slowly enter her as she got used to the length and size. All the way down she slipped until her ass was resting on my thighs. 

"That feels so good James."

Up and down she slowly began a rhythm. Her still tight pussy felt so warm and good. 

Dawn slid up and down on my cock for about 10 minutes getting wetter and wetter. I was watching all the gorgeous people on the TV in various states of sex. Dawn looked up and started watching too. As she watched, she began rotating her hips as she pushed completely down on my cock, moaning while she watched the action on the screen. I was in heaven, my raging hard-on needed the attention after watching other people fuck for the last hour or so.

Dawn continued to grind while she watched the screens changing. Just as I was feeling like it couldn't get any better Dawn stops her grinding and says, "Have you seen Amy?" 

What the hell kind of question was that in mid fuck?

"I haven't seen her on any of the cameras," Dawn said. 

I just kind of looked at the screens a minute and said, "I don't really know where she is and don't really care at this point." 

But being nice for the moment I said, "When was the last time you saw her, she may have left when the other couples left after dinner." 

"I gave her one of my silk robes when we came in for dinner because she was feeling a little exposed in my two piece. She was at dinner but I haven't seen her since."

Dawn continued to look for her on the TV. I didn't think Amy was going to be on the TV, she was there alone and I didn't think she was the type to get involved in a threesome. 

"I hope she is okay," Dawn said. 

Frustrated I said, "I don't know where Amy is..." 

"I'm right here"

*

<em>This chapter may not have been as hot as you would like, but it is needed. It leads into how to everything began to changein our lives. Don't worry chapter 03 will be right behind this one.</em> 
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 02|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-02|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>This is the next installment in our adventures after winning the lottery. You don't have to read Life after the Lottery, CH. 01, but you would enjoy the stories more if you read them all in order. </em>

*

We found Amy.

"I'm right here...," a soft voice came from behind us.

Stunned, I was not sure what I had heard. I picked up the remote and turned all the lights in the large study on at once. Dawn stood up suddenly and my cock pulled out of her wet pussy with a pop. 

"Amy!" Dawn said.

'What the shit', I thought. 

"How long have you been sitting there?" 

I turned and looked and Amy was at the far end of the room sitting in one of the high wing-backed chairs. The room had been dark when we entered and I hadn't really looked around. With the lights off, we wouldn't have seen Amy anyway. 

"I have been here since a little after dinner," she said softly. 

"Why didn't you say anything when we came in?" Dawn asked. 

"I was kind of dozing from the drinks and when I woke up, you two were already watching the TV, I didn't want to interrupt you." 

I looked at Amy and she was wearing one of Dawn's dark silk robes. At the moment she had it spread open and I thought she must have been playing with herself while watching us. She grabbed the edges of the robe and pulled them together over the tiny bikini she had borrowed from Dawn. 

Dawn was now standing fully naked in the room facing Amy and me. I was a little uncomfortable at the moment, I didn't know Amy that well. I pulled my robe together and stood and turned to look at Amy. She looked great leaning back in the big chair with all that long red hair spilling around her shoulders. 

"Were you up here hiding?" Dawn asked. "I hope you weren't uncomfortable with everything that was going on in the house." 

"No, I just wanted to find a quite place to get away from all the other couples. Since I am here by myself, I didn't fit in and didn't want to look like a freak watching everyone else." 

"You're not a freak. I invited you so you could get out and enjoy yourself."

Dawn was making no move to cover herself up, there she stood nipples erect and hard and I thought I saw Amy glancing at what I am sure was Dawn's dripping pussy. 

"Come here and sit with us on the sofa," Dawn said. 

"I don't want to interrupt you two, I will just go." 

"No, come here, please."

'Damn Dawn', I thought.

Amy slowly got up, letting the robe fall open and moved toward the two of us. I moved to the far end of the sofa, a little interested in Amy and a little pissed my fuck had been interrupted. As Amy came around the end of the sofa Dawn took her by the hand and led her to sit next to me, Dawn in her nakedness sat close on her other side. Dawn leaned into to Amy and placed her hand on her thigh. 

"When I invited you I told you to bring someone, what happened?" 

"I didn't think you would want me to bring my roommate Rachael." 

My ears perked up a bit, but my erection was beginning to fade. 

"You could have brought her."

"I didn't think we would fit in because these are couples parties usually. Since everyone seems to have gone off to have a good time now I know it would have been awkward." 

"But you two are a couple aren't you?"

My interest really picked up now. 

"Yes, but I didn't think we would be accepted, I just wanted to come by and see the house."

"Amy, no one here would care if you brought another woman, we are all her to have a good time, I'm sure you and Rachael would have had just as much fun."

Dawn and Amy continued to talk. I watched as Dawn moved her hands around on Amy's thigh and as Amy reached for Dawn's shoulder as they talked. I discovered that Amy lived with Rachael and that they were lovers. Too bad she hadn't brought Rachael, the show would have been interesting.

I was intrigued as Dawn comforted Amy, she seemed to be a little more comforting than I would have thought. Dawn had never shown anything but a passing interest in being with another woman before, but I can't say the same for myself. As they continued to talk Amy began stroking Dawn's hair and I was perking up a bit. 

"Amy, do you want to sit here with us while we watch everyone else?" 

"Sure," Amy said. 

Dawn took the remote and killed all the other lights in the room except for the overhead we originally had on. The two of them settled down into the sofa and leaned back and watched the TV, I leaned back with some frustration and watched.

The video from all the other camera locations flashed on the TV, the foursome that had been out by the pool flashed by. The two ladies outside were now embraced in a 69 on the pool deck and their husbands were watching intently as they stroked their cocks. The picture went away after a few minutes and Dawn reached and grabbed the remote from me. She pulled the camera showing the two women in the 69 back up and made it full screen on the TV. From the angle of the camera we could see one of the women furiously licking and sucking on the other's pussy. After a few minutes of watching the action I began to notice that Dawn and Amy were really into what was going on. I looked at Dawn and she had begun rubbing up and down Amy's thigh in a much more sensuous way and with each stroke she came a little closer to Amy's crotch. I started watching Amy and Dawn instead of the TV.

Amy had been stroking Dawn's hair gently but with Dawn rubbing her thigh she had started rubbing up and down Dawn's arm. As I watched, I noticed that Amy had moved her hand to a position so that each time she stroked by Dawn's naked breast she was lightly rubbing it. As this continued Dawn's nipples began to return to their previous erect positions. I looked down and noticed that Dawn's hand had stopped at the edge of Amy's bikini and she was lightly stroking a finger over Amy's pussy through the fabric. I began to wonder, and hope, where this was headed. I was also beginning to get a very serious hard-on again. 

As my thoughts began to wonder about the possibility of Dawn and Amy getting into some action I was also wondering if Dawn would really get into this. She had never expressed any real interest in experimenting with another woman, but I was not going to be uncomfortable if she wanted too, after all, I had fantasized about three-ways and watching Dawn with another woman but never thought it would happen. With Dawn's new found sexuality coming out and with all the partying that she had set up, I guess I was going to learn just how much out of her comfort zone she was willing to go.

Amy had turned her head and placed it on Dawn's shoulder while she continued to become more aggressive in rubbing Dawn's breast as her hand moved. I looked at Dawn's hand and she had begun to wiggle a finger under the small piece of fabric that Amy was wearing as a bikini bottom. I looked up at Dawn when she looked at me with a quizzical look on her face. I looked back into her eyes and then she looked down at my raging hard-on and then looked back at me in a way that appeared as if she was asking my permission to continue. Our eyes locked for a few seconds then I smiled real big and nodded my head yes. Dawn looked at me, smiled real big and made a small squealing noise that caught Amy's attention. 

Amy came out of a fog and looked at Dawn looking at me and smiling, then looked at me smiling back, looked at Dawn's hand and then looked at my hard-on. She seemed a little embarrassed and worried all at once.

"Maybe I should go," Amy said softly. "I don't want to do anything here that would make you two uncomfortable."

"Well Amy, if you look at my hard-on, I think you can see I am quit turned on by just the thought. After all, it is really up to you and Dawn."

"Honey, do you have a problem with Amy and me continuing?" Dawn asked.

"No, not at all." 

Dawn and Amy looked at each other and smiled.

"I just don't want to be left out, that's all," I thought I would interject to see what happened.

Amy took her other hand and reached over and firmly grasped my cock and said, "You won't be left out, if it is okay with Dawn. I like having sex with men as much as I do women."

My cock got even stiffer as Amy began to run her fist up and down my shaft.

"After all, if Dawn doesn't mind, I haven't had a cock as big as yours."

I looked at Dawn with the same quizzical look she had given me and waited. Dawn looked at me for a moment with an unsure look on her face then smiled and said, "I don't mind, let's have some fun together."

For an instant, I thought I was going to come right then as Amy squeezed my cock with Dawn's answer. I couldn't believe Dawn was hinting at the possible of letting me have sex with another woman.

"Look at the TV," Amy said.

We looked up and saw the two ladies going at it furiously while their husbands were jacking themselves off and coming all over one of their wives' back. 

"Wow!" Dawn said.

"Yes, wow," Amy repeated and gave my cock another strong squeeze then looked at me.

"I will make you two ladies a deal. Amy, I think...this is the first time for Dawn to experience another woman and I am sure you can show her a thing or two. I want her to have fun so I am going to move to one of the chairs over here so I can give you two all of this big sofa and so I can watch. But, when you two are finished, I hope you two will not forget me. Deal?"

"Deal!" The two of them said at the same time. 

I was surprised at Dawn's answer, but I picked up the remote from the sofa, got up and went to the back of the room and grabbed one of the big winged back chairs and returned it to beside the sofa and set it down so I could sit back and watch. 

By the time I got back, the two of them were already rubbing all over each other. Amy had reached over and placed a hand on Dawn's naked breast and was squeezing her nipple. Dawn looked as if she were in heaven. Dawn slid her hand up from Amy's crotch and grabbed one of Amy's large breasts and began to gently massage and squeeze it in her hand. They slowly turned to face each other on the sofa as they looked into each other's eyes. Dawn moved her other hand up to Amy's other breast and began to slowly explore through the fabric of the bikini top. I could see Dawn's breath beginning to change. She looked at me out of the corner of her eye, I just winked at her and she looked back into Amy's eyes. Amy slowly moved her other hand up and was now holding each of Dawn's naked breasts ever so gently.

This continued for several minutes then Dawn reached over and untied the two laces on Amy's top. Amy removed one hand from Dawn's breast and reached up and pulled the top off.

"Thanks," Amy said softly.

Dawn was looking down at Amy's breasts then moved her hands so she could roll Amy's huge erect nipples between her fingers. Amy tilted her head back and moaned softly, when she did Dawn leaned forward and kissed Amy's throat softly. I could see that Dawn was not going to be shy about this. Amy tilted her head back down and at the same time moved one hand behind Dawn's neck. In one motion she pulled Dawn's head quickly toward hers and then placed a big kiss on Dawn's lips. I heard one of them moan and Dawn began to reciprocate and they were quickly kissing hard and exploring each other's mouth with their tongues. 

I didn't know if I was going to be able to sit there and not have my cock explode. They kissed passionately for several minutes and then Amy slowly pushed back on Dawn. As she fell away from her and back onto the sofa, Amy leaned forward and slowly moved her head down and began to suck one of Dawn's nipples. 

Dawn's head went back and she reached up with both hands and pulled Amy's head into her breasts. Amy was sucking hard on Dawn's nipple, she then began to tongue it in small circles. Amy began to lightly bite down on Dawn's nipple and pull at it. I knew this would drive Dawn wild, she always got hotter when I did it.

Dawn's hands began to pull at Amy's red hair as she became more aggressive in biting on her nipple. Amy quickly switched to her other nipple and bit down. Dawn threw her head back again and appeared to be in ecstasy. The sight of another woman sucking my wife's nipples was really driving me crazy. I grabbed the remote and punched up the cameras in the study and looked at the TV screen to make sure they were getting all of this.

I had to refrain from grabbing my hard as steel cock and stroking it, I knew if I touched it at this point I would explode in a huge orgasm.

Dawn's head was leaning all the way back, her mouth open, breathing very hard. I wondered if she was going to have an orgasm just from Amy sucking and biting on her nipples. Amy raised her head and moved up and kissed Dawn passionately on the lips again, then she began kissing Dawn on the neck and slowly moved down to between her breasts. She slowly gave each nipple a lick and a kiss and then began kissing and slowly working her way down toward Dawn's stomach. Inch by inch Amy slowly moved lower and lower kissing as she went. Dawn was now looking up watching her while still grabbing handfuls of red hair. 

Knowing were this was going, I couldn't wait. As far as I knew Dawn had never had another woman's lips on her pussy. As Amy moved lower Dawn lifted one leg from the floor and placed it on the sofa so that her legs were spread. Amy finally reached the area just above Dawn's neatly trimmed patch of pussy hair. Amy lingered and kissed around the area and then slowly licked her mound. I looked at Dawn's face as she watched. She was tensing up at the anticipation of what was coming. And then slowly, Amy moved back a little and kissed the patch of hair on Dawn's mound then she moved her head into position and gave Dawn her first experience of having another woman lick her pussy.

Dawn jumped as if shocked when Amy's tongue touched her pussy. 

Amy moved into position and began to lick up and down Dawn's swollen pussy lips. I leaned forward a little so I could get a better look. As Amy continued to lick up and down, Dawn finally released the hold on her hair. As she did Amy firmly locked her lips on her pussy and began to hungrily suck. Dawn let out a loud moan and arched her stomach up, this new sensation must have been driving her wild. Amy continued to suck as Dawn squirmed. I moved closer and as I did I could see Amy drive her tongue into my wife's pussy. Dawn arched up again and moaned very loudly. I didn't think Dawn was going to last long.

Amy was doing an expert job of tonguing Dawn's pussy, she was obviously not new to this. Amy pulled her tongue out of Dawn's pussy, licked once up her slit then planted both her lips on Dawn's clit and began to suck. Dawn cried out again. Amy continued to suck as Dawn arched up and continued moaning loudly. She released her lip lock on Dawn's clit then jammed her tongue down onto her clit. That was all Dawn could stand, the experience was too much for her. 

Her hands grabbed the fabric of the sofa and she pulled up and screamed, "Oh my god!" 

I knew this was it, just too much excitement for Dawn.

"Oh Amy! I'm going to come!"

Then she began bucking her hips as Amy kept torturing her clit. Dawn pulled up hard and I knew she was going to explode in a giant orgasm.

"Oh my god!!"

Dawn begun to shudder, bucking her hips up into Amy's mouth while slamming her head and shoulders up and down on the sofa.

"Oh! Oh!! Oh!!!" She screamed.

And then she came all over Amy's face. Dawn was a squirter and when she was really excited and had a huge orgasm she squirted profusely. Amy locked down on her pussy and sucked for all she had. Dawn continued to buck and thrash around, she must have really been turned on by this to have come so fast. She usually came hard when I would eat her, but I hadn't seen her come like this in a while. 

Amy moaned as she continued to bury her face in my wife's pussy. 

"Stop, stop, stop!" Dawn exclaimed.

But Amy continued. Tonguing and sucking. Dawn continued to scream. 

As Dawn thrashed around, I stood up and reached over and grabbed Dawn's knees and pulled them up toward her chest so Amy could have better access to her pussy. As I pulled her knees up and held them there, Amy moved down and began to tongue her all over. Dawn continued to whimper. I saw Amy move a hand toward her and then she slowly slipped two fingers in between her pussy lips. Dawn let out another scream and arched her stomach up again. Amy went back to tonguing her clit and sliding her fingers in and out very fast for several minutes while Dawn moaned and cried.

"I can't take anymore!" Dawn screamed.

Amy continued.

"Oh my god! I'm coming again!"

Dawn began to thrash and buck as she had before. I have given Dawn many multiple orgasms before but not like this. She was tensed up tightly and I thought she was going to rip the fabric off the sofa.

"Ahhhhhh!" Came from Dawn as she slammed her head back on the sofa and jammed her hips up into Amy's mouth hard.

Dawn's body was convulsing over and over. She came down on the sofa and Amy continued to tongue her clit and jam her fingers in and out. Dawn began slamming her head up and down on the sofa and thrust her hips up again. 'Damn', I thought. She jerked once or twice and then screamed.

"PLEASE STOP!!!"

Amy slid her fingers out of my wife's pussy slowly, released her lip lock, pushed her legs apart and moved up to Dawn's head and placed her juice soaked lips right on Dawn's open mouth. Seeing Amy's lips covered in my wife's juices now planted firmly on her waiting mouth I saw Dawn hesitate and then return the kiss. They were opening and closing their mouths and I knew Dawn tasted her own juices now on the lips of another woman. 

Amy had knocked my hands away as she crawled up to Dawn's waiting mouth. I sat back down in the chair wanting ever so much to grab my cock and jack off all over the two women. After a few minutes the two broke apart.

"Oh my god Amy, I didn't know it would be that good! You are incredible!"

"I am glad you enjoyed it. Was this your first time with a woman?" Amy asked.

I waited.

"Yes," Dawn said. "Sorry about squirting all over your face."

"That's okay. I really enjoyed it."

Amy rose up a little and looked down between them and began to rub her nipples against Dawn's. Watching this I could see that the two ladies' nipples were as firm and erect as they could be, Amy's very large nipples rubbing against Dawn's erect nipples. Amy kissed Dawn again, tonguing her deeply. Dawn reached around Amy with both hands and grabbed her ass and began to squeeze it.

"Amy that was beautiful," I said. "You really seem to know what a woman wants."

Amy released her lip lock on Dawn and turned and looked at me and said, "I have had a little practice," and smiled.

"Dawn, did you enjoy it?" I asked.

"Oh my god yes. It was incredible."

"Is it something you are okay with? Would you want to do it again?" I asked.

"Hell yes!"

"I'm glad. I have always fantasized about watching another woman make love to you."

"I am glad you enjoyed it honey. I can see that you really must have liked it," Dawn said as she looked at my huge erection.

"Do I need to take care of that for you?" Dawn asked.

"Well, it does need some attention."

"Dawn, can I take care of it? I don't want James to think I can only eat pussy."

"I don't think James would mind if you took care of it for me, would you James?"

"Hell no!" I said in return.

Amy kissed Dawn one more time deeply then slowly kissed her way back down her neck, down between her breasts and all the way down to her pussy. She gave Dawn a quick kiss on her pussy and then stood up and took a step over toward me.

Seeing Amy now in the light standing up, her large breast partially covered by her long red hair, I could now fully appreciate just how good she looked. Amy leaned over, placed her hands on the sides of the chair and leaned forward and kissed me firmly on the lips. She drove her tongue deep in my mouth and I could taste the familiar flavor of Dawn's juices. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
After a minute, she began kissing down my neck and on down my chest to my stomach. The anticipation of those lips surrounding my cock was driving me crazy. I was just hoping I could hold on long enough to get a good blowjob from Amy. She got down on her knees between my legs, grasped my cock in one hand and slowly began to stroke up and down while admiring it. This was the first time since I met Dawn that another woman had touched me like that and now with my wife watching.

"Dawn, how do you get this thing in you? It's huge. How big is it?"

"Well, I measured it once and it was over 8 inches, but it looks more like 10 right now."

"I can't even get my hand all the way around it."

Then Amy reached up with both hands and wrapped them around my cock.

"There, that fits now."

She began to slide both hands up and down my shaft. Dawn looked up at me and smiled real big. 

"I can't quit get all of it in my mouth Amy, it's just too long."

"I will just have to give it a try." 

With that she rose up and began to lick slowly around the head of my shaft. Slowly swirling her tongue around the swollen head and then sticking her tongue in the end. I looked at Dawn and she was fixated on Amy. Amy then slid her lips down over the end of my shaft and gently sucked on the head. Having not had another woman's lips around my cock since I had met Dawn, this was incredible. 

Slowly she began to take more and more of me into her mouth. She got about half way down and then began to slowly slide her lips up and down my shaft. It was all I could do not to explode. Each time Amy went down, she would take a little more into her mouth. This continued for several minutes as I leaned my head back in the chair and just enjoyed.

Eventually I could feel the head of my cock poking the back of Amy's throat. She had about 2/3's of my cock in her mouth, I didn't think she was going to take any more. While I was in ecstasy, I heard Dawn moving around on the sofa. I tilted my head up and looked at Dawn. She was now sitting back on the sofa watching, her legs spread and two fingers buried deep into her pussy. She sat there fingering herself while Amy gave me a blowjob. 

It was hard to believe how things were turning out today. I had just gotten to watch my wife experience getting her pussy ravaged by another woman, I was getting one of the best blowjobs of my life, and now my wife was sitting across from me masturbating. This was all incredible.

Amy continued to try and get all of my cock down her throat but it was just not happening. The more she tried the more I relaxed and continued to watch my wife jam her fingers in and out of her pussy. At one point Dawn pulled her fingers out of her pussy and stuck them in her mouth and sucked. Dawn had tasted her own juices before, but she seemed to be enjoying it more this time.

Dawn returned her fingers to her pussy and this time managed to get three fingers in. She furiously began to work her fingers in and out, faster and faster. She took her other hand and began to finger her clit, quickly circling around and around it then she began to frantically moan. When Amy heard this she began to bob her head up and down on my cock more. Dawn's actions became quicker and quicker and then suddenly she let out a long moan and juices began to gush from her pussy. 

Amy heard all this and pulled her mouth off my throbbing member and looked back at Dawn. When she saw Dawn leaning back, eyes closed, juices gushing from her pussy, she quickly turned to Dawn and pulled her hands away from her pussy and dove in. As soon as Amy's hot mouth hit her pussy, Dawn jerked and began the throes of another body shaking orgasm. Amy grabbed Dawn's hips and kept her mouth firmly planted on Dawn.

"Oh my god Amy!" She screamed as she bucked.

After a minute, Dawn finally crashed and wilted. 

"Let me see if I can get a better angle on this thing," Amy said as she stood and leaned forward toward me.

As short as Amy was, she easily bent over at the waist and engulfed my cock again. Looking down and seeing all her beautiful long red hair lying in my lap was a lot to take in. She continued to slide her way down my shaft. As I felt the head of my cock hit the back of her throat, she maneuvered her head around and to my amazement she was taking me down her throat. Dawn had tried many times to deep throat me, but my length always seemed to choke her. Amy obviously had more experience in this area. Repeatedly, Amy forced her way down on my cock, each time I could feel a little more of the head going down her throat. She would hold it a little while, then back off for air then back down again.

She continued this for a long time. I was trying to relax and enjoy as much as I could so I wouldn't explode in Amy's mouth. Time went by and Amy continued to work her way further down. She almost had all of me down her throat, but not all yet. My head was lying back in the chair and my world was spinning. Suddenly Amy moaned real loud and then jammed my entire cock down her throat and continued to moan. I looked up while Amy was trying to suck my cock off my body. Amy continued to moan harder. I looked and didn't see Dawn on the sofa, I looked around behind Amy and there was Dawn, down on her knees with her face planted in Amy's ass. Dawn had pulled Amy's bikini down and had begun eating her first pussy. I listened and could hear Dawn moaning also and the sound of her sucking on Amy's pussy.

Amy began to slide my cock in and out of her throat. I reached up and grabbed her two large breasts, found her nipples and begin to twist. Her incredible blowjob and the thought of my wife eating another woman's pussy was all I could take. I released Amy's nipples, grabbed the back of her head and jammed it down on my cock. Amy gagged a little and I began to move her head up and down. She was moaning, Dawn was moaning and I was about to come hard. I felt my balls draw up and my muscles began to contract and I jammed Amy's head down all the way one last time.

I erupted down her throat, it was an incredible feeling. Contraction after contraction shot more cum into her. Amy began to gag, raised her head up a little and I shot the rest of my load into her waiting mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head of my cock and I jerked more and more. I released Amy's head and she milked ever drop out of my cock.

With a mouth full of cum, Amy stood up, turned around and grabbed Dawn by the face and lifted her to a standing position. She then grabbed Dawn's head and placed her mouth firmly over hers. Dawn opened her mouth and Amy pushed the mouth full of cum in. I could see Dawn using her tongue to get every last drop out of Amy's mouth. Dawn and Amy were both moaning into each other's mouth. Their lips closed and Dawn withdrew and swallowed then stuck her tongue out and licked her lips clean. They hugged each other and began to giggle.

After they finished giggling, Dawn said, "This is fun!"

Then the two of them started giggling again. I even began to laugh. They both turned and faced me and we all laughed.

"I take it you enjoyed James?" Dawn asked.

"Very much, thank you Amy, it was incredible."

"You are very welcome, anytime."

I looked Dawn in the eyes as she smiled and said, "Don't you owe Amy something Dawn?"

"Why yes I do."

Dawn turned toward Amy and reached down and rubbed her wet pussy. With her other hand she reached up and grabbed one of Amy's magnificent D breasts. Amy turned toward Dawn and they began to kiss again. They slowly moved toward the sofa and sat down. In a minute, Dawn and Amy each had a hand on the other's pussy and each of their other hands were grabbing and squeezing a breast while they continued to kiss. I was still getting used to the sight of my wife kissing another woman as I sat there with my still hard cock twitching. 

As they continued to kiss, I got up and went to the big closet in the study. I grabbed a couple of extra blankets we kept in there and spread them out on top of each other on the floor behind the sofa, making a soft bed on the rug, then walked back around to the front of the sofa and stood and watched these two beautiful women make-out. 

I reached down and grabbed each one by an arm and said, "Why don't you two come with me."

I led them around the sofa to the blankets. They got down on the floor and lay beside each other. Dawn rolled over on Amy and began sucking her huge tits. I reached over the back of the sofa, grabbed the remote and turned on some more lights, looked at the TV and changed to the other camera in the study so I could see them lying in the floor. I left the screen showing the two of them. I walked to the other side of the blankets and sat down in the other chair to watch.

Dawn continued to lick and suck on Amy's nipples, switching occasionally from one nipple to the other. After a while, I saw Dawn slip a hand down to Amy's pussy and begin to rub her lips. Amy closed her eyes and continued to stroke Dawn's hair while she sucked her nipples and stroked her pussy. Dawn then slipped a finger inside Amy's pussy and probed around. I assumed this was the first time Dawn had felt the inside of another woman's pussy. As she probed, Amy quietly began to moan, as she moaned more Dawn slipped another finger in. Amy reached up and pulled Dawn's head deep into her breasts. Dawn slid her fingers up to Amy's clit and began to rub, Amy opened her mouth and gasped, she then released the hold she had on Dawn. While Dawn continued to circle Amy's clit with her finger, she moved up and gave Amy a long kiss on the lips. When she finished, she moved down and kissed Amy between her breasts.

I watched as Dawn slowly began to kiss her way down Amy's stomach. My limp cock was beginning to twitch again as I anticipated seeing my wife eat another woman for the first time. Inch by inch Dawn moved down, just as Amy had. Pausing at her belly button, she swirled her tongue around Amy's naval, then stuck her tongue in it. Amy's head tilted from side to side then Dawn began her way down toward Amy's mound of red hair. Amy had a gorgeous tuft of red hair on her mound. It was neatly trimmed to a patch just a little bigger than the one Dawn had. Dawn paused just above the edges of red and gave plenty of attention to the shaved area, kissing and licking, Amy was moaning more. 

Dawn moved so that she was on her knees between Amy's legs and then began to kiss her again just above that mound of red. She slowly kissed her on her bush and then moved to the top of her lips. She paused there and kissed her right where her lips began. I watched as Dawn slowly stuck her tongue out and gently licked right at the top of Amy's slit. Hesitantly, Dawn slowly moved her tongue down toward Amy's opening gradually probing between her pussy lips.

Dawn raised her head up and then did something I was not expecting, she took both her hands and spread Amy's lips apart exposing her clit, then she planted her mouth right over her clit and began to suck. Amy reached down and forced Dawn's head onto her clit and then began to moan loudly. My cock was fully erect again, watching my wife bury her face in that red mound of hair and going at another woman like she was starved.

She sucked and tongued Amy for a long time, Amy allowing her to explore, she was in heaven. Then Dawn removed her mouth from Amy's clit, spread her lips further apart and began to lick up and over her clit like it was an ice cream cone. Amy reached up and grabbed her nipples and began to squeeze them. I was guessing my first time wife was doing a pretty good job, she was doing a good job of duplicating the way I licked her. She continued this until Amy was starting to twitch.

Dawn then moved down farther and drove her tongue into Amy, darting her tongue in and out while Amy got louder. Dawn reached around and grabbed under Amy's knees and lifted them up so she would have better access. With her knees pulled up, Dawn planted her mouth firmly onto Amy's pussy. Amy was going wild, moaning and twisting her big nipples hard. Dawn continued to lick and slurp, just the sound was turning me on more and more. Dawn pushed Amy's knees up farther, beginning to lift her ass off the blankets. Amy released the grip she had on her nipples and reached down and grabbed herself behind the knees and pulled her knees all the way up to her head. I could only imagine what Dawn was doing with her tongue. 

Dawn repositioned herself so she could get even more access to Amy's swollen pussy. She reached up and began to spread Amy's pussy lips apart with her fingers and then she slowly inserted two fingers all the way into Amy while she sucked on her clit. I wanted to help, but I let the two ladies go it alone. Dawn began to move her fingers in and out quickly causing Amy to moan louder and louder. As I watched, Dawned stuck another finger in Amy, she now had three fingers buried up in her pussy, moving them rapidly in and out.

"Oh god Dawn!" 

Dawn moved her fingers faster as Amy began to twist her body from side to side. Dawn pushed down on her to hold her down while her mouth continued ravaging that red haired pussy. I thought Dawn was trying to jam her whole fist inside Amy when she stuck all four of her fingers in her.

"Yes, yes!" Came from Amy as Dawn pushed in.

Dawn jammed her hand up into Amy's pussy then jammed her tongue down onto her clit. Amy began to buck her hips.

"More Dawn, more!"

I didn't know what else Dawn could do to her. Amy bucked more and more, pulling her legs farther apart as she did.

"Yes Dawn, yes! I'm going to come, yes, yes! Ahhhh!"

Amy bucked her hips wildly as Dawn hung onto her.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Amy screamed.

Dawn continued to tongue her clit, Amy was bucking madly now.

"Oh god!" Amy screamed as she shuddered with another intense orgasm.

Dawn was really enjoying torturing this poor woman. 

"Stop Dawn, please!"

Dawn continued for about 15 seconds then removed her tongue. She slowly continued to rub the inside of Amy's pussy with her fingers. Amy's thrashing began to slow down, but she continued to twitch as Dawn stroked her inner wetness. Amy reached down and grabbed Dawn's hand so she would stop.

After a few breaths Amy said, "Damn Dawn, you seem to know what you are doing!"

"I was just doing what I know feels good when James does it." 

"If James eats pussy that well, I can't wait...if you will let him do me."

I eagerly waited for the answer to this. Dawn letting another women suck my cock had been one thing, but she had always been a little jealous when some of the other women flirted with me too much. I thought this was going to be a one-time thing and that Dawn had just gotten caught up in all the sex.

"I'll have to think about that Amy, I don't know if I want to share."

'Damn, not the answer I wanted'. But then Dawn looked up at me and winked.

What the hell did that wink mean? Now I was totally confused.

Dawn crawled up beside Amy and kissed her on the mouth and they shared Amy's juices. Then they lay beside each other and were slowly rubbing each other's tits while looking up at the screen of the TV at themselves. There they lay holding each other and here I sat with a raging hard-on.

I punched the remote and the screen began to switch from one room to another. In some of the rooms couples were holding each other looking spent from sex. In several rooms other couples were still going at it. In one room, one of the guys was behind his wife and was clearly fucking her in the ass. The wife was jamming her ass back against her husband meeting each thrust. I stopped the screen here and watched. I didn't get to fuck Dawn in the ass because she said it hurt too much. The husband continued to pound his wife in the ass as she screamed with the shudders of an intense orgasm. As the guy pulled out of his wife's ass, she quickly swung around and licked his cock clean. I heard Amy and Dawn whispering to each other.

"What are you two whispering about?" I asked them.

"Just girl talk."

I let the computer continue to scan the rooms. When it came to the foursome out by the pool, they were all in the hot tub now but the guys had swapped wives. I stopped the camera here. One husband was sitting in the hot tub squeezing the other wife's tits while kissing her. The other guy had the other wife bent over the side and was slipping his cock into her pussy. At the other parties we had stumbled upon other couples hidden away in someone's bedroom, we had never encountered any wife swapping. As far as I knew that wasn't going on in our circle of friends. I left the image here, looked down at the two ladies in the floor to see their reaction. 

"I didn't think Jeff would let some other guy fuck Michelle," Dawn said.

About that time Michael got his entire cock into Michelle and was slamming away. Michelle was propped up on her hands and her tits were swinging in the air while she was getting thoroughly fucked. I turned the volume up and we could her Michael grunting as he drove his cock all the way in to Michelle, she was grunting and moaning with each thrust. 

Jeff and Lisa both turned and watched the action. I was surprised at what was happening also, but everyone seemed okay with it.

As Michael was pounding Michelle, Jeff stood up and lifted Lisa from the water. Lisa had a nice set of tits and from what I could see and a completely shaven pussy. As Jeff stood, I could tell on the TV that he had a rather large cock also. He leaned Lisa over the same side of the tub that Michael and Michelle were on and she bent over and put her hands on the tub right beside her. Jeff slipped up behind her and grabbed his large cock and placed it up to Lisa's pussy, he then slowly slid into her. Lisa seemed to tense up a little as Jeff pushed his large cock all the way into her. Slowly he began to slide in and out, Lisa began to relax. I watched for a few minutes and then Michael and Jeff got into the same rhythm and were pounding each other's wives' in unison. There was a lot of grunting going on and a lot of moaning from the women. The two guys continued at this pace for several more minutes.

Jeff stopped and leaned over and said something to Michael, he stopped his pounding and said something back to Jeff. I couldn't hear what they said but the two women quickly looked back at the two guys and said something. At the same time both guys put a hand in the middle of the back of the woman in front and pushed them down so that their asses were sticking up in the air and their tits were mashed down on the side of the hot tub. Jeff and Michael slowly pulled their cocks from each pussy and then grabbed their cocks and placed them up against each woman's asshole.

Then I heard Lisa say, "Hey, letting you guys fuck us in the pussy was one thing, but nobody said anything about getting fucked in the ass!" 

Jeff said, "Shut up bitch!"

Then Lisa said, "Wait a minute now!"

I thought this is getting good, but I didn't want anybody forced to do something they didn't want to do, that could ruin some friendships if this got out of hand.

Then Michelle protested.

"Shut up Michelle!" Jeff said. "You love taking it up the ass. And Lisa doesn't mind it I know for sure."

"But Michael are you sure about this?" Lisa asked.

"If you two bitches love taking it up the ass, what's the problem?" Jeff asked.

"As long as everyone is okay with it," Lisa said. "I'm okay if you're okay Michelle."

Michelle nodded her head.

"Let's do it then!" Jeff said.

And with that Jeff and Michael each began to push their cocks slowly into the ass in front of them. I was intently watching Lisa because I didn't think she had had a cock as big as Jeff's before from the way she acted when he stuck it in her pussy. Jeff eased in and stopped. Lisa nodded her head and Jeff eased in some more. Slowly he worked his way in. Meanwhile Michael already had his cock completely in Michelle's ass and was beginning to start a rhythm. Michelle seemed to be enjoying it, I wasn't sure about Lisa. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
As Jeff slowly eased farther into Lisa's ass, I saw her bite down on her lower lip. He stopped and asked her if she was okay. She shook her head yes then she reached back and grabbed Jeff's ass and began to pull him into her inch by inch, then Jeff's balls were up against Lisa's ass. She dropped her head forward while Jeff kept himself still. After a minute, Lisa nodded her head. Jeff slowly pulled out a few inches and then pushed back in. Lisa raised her head and let out a moan. Jeff proceeded to slowly work his way in and out until he was withdrawing most of his cock and pushing it back in. She continued to moan with each push.

Michael and Michelle had worked up a good rhythm and she was beginning to push back against each of Michael's thrust. Michelle was enjoying herself, I thought maybe she was enjoying getting fucked in the ass by something smaller than Jeff's large cock. Jeff and Lisa slowly began to move together. Jeff was being gentle, Lisa was beginning to push back against each of his thrust. I guessed that the two ladies got it in the ass often. 

A few minutes went by and both couples had a good rhythm going. Jeff was really beginning to pound Lisa's ass and she really seemed to be enjoying it. Lisa was getting the ass fucking she appeared to have been resisting at first, but was now enjoying. She reached between her legs and began rubbing herself while Jeff started to speed up.

"Yes, yes, yes, more, harder, harder," began to come from the women. 

I couldn't tell who was saying what, each had their head down and was shoving their hips back into each thrust. The action continued for a few more minutes and Lisa began to scream.

"Oh, Jeff, harder! I'm coming!"

He began to furiously slam his cock into Lisa's ass. Lisa continued to scream. 

"Lisa I'm going to come in your ass!" Jeff yelled.

"Do it, do it now!" Lisa screamed.

With that Lisa rose up and began to shudder and twitch and with one great thrust, Jeff jammed his cock into her ass as far as it would go.

"Ahhhh!" Came from Lisa.

And then Jeff began to hump Lisa as he came in her ass. Lisa was collapsing down onto the edge of the hot tub. After a few minutes, Jeff pulled his spent cock out of Lisa's ass and sat down hard in the hot tub. Lisa rolled sideways and sat down beside him, spent. Michael was still pounding Michelle. 

Lisa looked up at Michael and yelled, "Give her that big cock!"

Michelle cried out, "He is, he is!"

Jeff sat there wide eyed as he watched Michael drill his beautiful wife. I was wondering if he was having second thoughts now.

Michelle was propped up on her hands now with her head thrown back. Her tits were bouncing with each thrust. 

"Oh my god Michael! Your huge cock is filling me up inside."

Now I bet Jeff was really having second thoughts.

"Harder, harder, fill me up with your big cock!"

Michael pounded her ass harder. Not getting any ass, I was really enjoying the show and so was my cock. 

"I'm about to come Michael, harder!"

Michael was jamming his cock in and out and shoving it in as far as he could.

"I'm coming Michael, come with me!"

Michelle's back arched as she convulsed in a massive orgasm while Michael jammed his cock in as far as he could and held it. His ass began to jerk.

"Oh god Michael, I feel your hot cum filling me up deeper than I have ever felt!" 

Jeff just watched in disbelief. I felt like that last exclamation by Michelle was for Jeff's benefit for letting Michael fuck her in the ass. She may have not been sure she wanted to do this, but she was enjoying it now.

"Yes Michael, fill me up!"

Michael humped her ass real hard as she said that.

"You're so good Michael!"

Yep, Michelle was getting pay back at Jeff. Lisa was starting to giggle, she knew Michelle was saying all that to make Jeff jealous.

Michael fell forward onto Michelle with his arms wrapped around her waist pulling her close.

"That was fantastic Michael, can you do it again?"

Lisa started laughing harder and louder.

"Okay Michelle," Jeff said.

Then Jeff and Michelle began to laugh. Then finally Michael started laughing. Michael pulled out of Michelle and he and Michelle sat down in the hot tub and everyone was laughing and hugging. I guessed all worked out okay, no hard feelings.

I looked at the girls to see their reactions. I hadn't noticed while watching all the action on the TV that Dawn and Amy had slipped into a 69 position and were thoroughly going at it. Dawn was on top with her pussy nearest me and Amy was tonguing the hell out of her. 

'Well', I thought as I continued to watch. Dawn had Amy moaning and squirming so much she couldn't keep her tongue on Dawn's pussy. Amy finally stopped trying and began to buck her hips as she had another orgasm. After her orgasm subsided, Dawn let up on her and Amy began to tongue Dawn madly. 

Amy wrapped her arms around Dawn's ass and pulled her down to her mouth. Amy now had a mouth full of pussy and was sucking and tonguing as hard as she could. Dawn began to squirm and moan, rubbing her pussy into Amy's mouth. A minute or so went by and Dawn really got loud and began forcing her pussy down on Amy, I thought she was going to crush her. Dawn jerked a few times and then arched her back and jerk some more and then gushed all over Amy's face. Amy lapped up her juices as fast as she could.

After Dawn collapsed, Amy looked up at me from between Dawn's legs, raised one hand and motioned for me. She then reached around Dawn's ass with both hands and spread Dawn's pussy lips apart widely. Dawn moaned, Amy looked at me again. I got down on my knees behind Dawn and while Amy spread Dawn's soaking wet pussy lips apart, I slowly eased up to the position. I reached down and grabbed my ready to explode cock and aimed it for Dawn's wet slit. With one motion, I jammed it all into Dawn until my balls were touching her pussy and Amy's lips.

"Oh my god!" Dawn screamed.

Knowing that Dawn was still recovering from a massive orgasm and that my cock was ready to explode from all the action, I began to pump Dawn's pussy hard, totally forgetting that Amy's face was just below my balls. Harder and harder I pounded, faster and faster.

"Oh god James!"

As I slammed into my wife's luscious pussy, she began to arch her back and thrust up against me. I could feel my muscle tightening and my balls began to contract. Dawn's pussy clamped down on my cock and with one last push, I shoved all of it deep in her and held it. At the same time, I felt Amy suck one of my balls into her mouth and that was all it took. I was jerking and pushing into Dawn as I came hard. Dawn was screaming as she rocked to another orgasm. Spasm after spasm I pumped all I had into my wife. Amy continued to suck on one of my balls. I jerked and jerked each time she sucked, ramming Dawn with what was left of my hard cock.

I shoved again and my cock had its last spasm. I was spent. I pulled my subsiding cock from Dawn's pussy and my balls from Amy's mouth and fell backwards on my ass on the floor. As I did, cum oozed out of Dawn's swollen pussy and ran down onto Amy's face. Amy tried to get as much in her mouth as she could, but it was all over her face. Dawn sat up, turned and looked at me and then looked at Amy. 

"Damn James! You have never filled me up like that before!"

She turned around and leaned over and began to lick the rest of my cum off Amy's face. I just shook my head and smiled. After Dawn had cleaned all of Amy's face off, she kissed Amy again and then crawled over to where I was sitting and licked all her juices and cum off my cock.

I knew Dawn was spent, but Amy got behind her and began licking cum out of Dawn's pussy. When Amy's tongue touched Dawn's pussy she jumped and squeaked but then pushed her pussy back into Amy's face. After a minute we all fell back on the blankets and took a breath.

It was about 4:00 A.M. I was exhausted, Amy was exhausted and so was Dawn. I surfed through the rooms to see what was still going on. It looked like everyone was spent, nobody had left. Dawn slowly got up and went to the whole house intercom on the wall and announced to everyone that they should stay the night and we would all get up whenever and have brunch in the morning. I heard many 'Greats!'

Dawn came back over to the blankets, I was lying next to Amy, and Dawn lay down beside Amy. 

"Now what?" Amy asked.

Dawn grabbed one of Amy's nipples and squeezed real hard and said, "Now we get some sleep!"

"Turn off the lights in house honey."

With one last poke on the remote, I turned off all the lights in the other rooms.

"Good night you two."

"Good night," in unison.

"See you in the morning." 
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 03|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-03|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>This is the next part of our adventures, the morning after Dawn's first girl-on-girl. You will probably want to read the first chapters of this adventure. Leave some feedback; we want to know if you like it so far.</I>



The morning after Dawn's first time

I woke up late in the morning feeling a pair of lips wrapped around my cock. I thought it was Dawn giving me one of her usual good morning blowjobs. However, when I looked up Amy was leaning over me bobbing up and down on my cock.

"Not that I mind Amy, but where is Dawn?"

"She went to start cooking for everyone, she told me she usually woke you up this way."

"She knows you are up here doing this?"

"Yes, she got up about an hour ago and told me to let you sleep then wake you up this way."

"Oh...okay."

"Are you okay with this?" Amy asked as she looked at me.

"Fine, I am just surprised Dawn left you here by yourself."

"Well, you are awake now, I'll stop."

"You don't have too."

"Okay," and Amy lowered her mouth back down on my cock while I lay there on the blanket.

I reached over and picked up the remote. I wanted to see what was going on in the rest of the house. I punched through the other rooms, most were empty, several still had people sleeping. I pulled up our bedroom and saw John getting a blowjob from his wife, with the view I had I could see that Carol really did have an excellent body, probably with John's help. I didn't see the other couple that had been in there the night before. I pulled up the big room looking for Dawn, there were about ten people sitting around talking. I was surprised that most of them were in robes and were sitting around with them half open, nothing going on, they were just all talking. I wished I hadn't missed how that all started but I was sure Dawn probably initiated it. 

I selected the camera that pointed at the kitchen, there I saw three of the women including Dawn cooking. The men were sitting around the bar talking. I watched Dawn as she turned around, her robe open, showing everyone most of her tits and pussy but so were the other women. I guessed things were progressing as Dawn had planned.

"What are you watching James?" Amy paused and asked.

"I was just wondering what was going on."

Amy turned and looked at the scene in the kitchen with the women walking around half naked and the men sitting at the bar with their robes open and their cocks hanging out. 

"Looks okay to me," and she returned to sucking my cock.

I lay back enjoying the blowjob and began to think. The way things had turned out wasn't what I had in mind when Dawn set the party up but it seemed everyone was happy to have a place to get together and have fun. We had built the house with the idea of having plenty of room for parties; I guess it had turned out okay. I hoped no one had done anything they regretted but everyone was still here. Jeff, Michelle, Michael and Lisa were all sitting on the big sofa together laughing and talking. No hurt feelings I guess.

"Are the cameras on in here James?"

My mind snapped back as Amy asked the question.

"I can turn them off if you want."

"I just want to make sure they are on."

"Yes they are on, and Amy don't tell the others about the cameras."

"Dawn told me that no one knows about them and to not say anything, it was going to be a surprise."

"I bet it will be a surprise," I said.

Amy and I laughed together.

"Why did you want to know if the cameras were on in here?"

"Dawn said to make sure you didn't turn them off. How many cameras are in here?"

"Three. Why did Dawn want to make sure they were on?"

"Because."

And with that Amy got up on all fours and moved around and then straddled my face moving into a 69.

"Because she wanted to see us fuck."

"Are you sure," I said with a beautiful red haired pussy inches from my face.

"Yes, she said she wanted me to fuck you."

I went breathless. I reached up and wrapped my arms around Amy's ass and pulled her pussy down to my lips. I hadn't eaten another woman's pussy in a long time so I dove in with earnest. Amy slowly lowered her mouth down on my cock and began to suck. I stuck my tongue in her pussy and began to dig inside then probing for her clit. She began to bob up and down on my cock like mad while I sucked on her pussy lips with all my might. We continued like this for a very long time, I wasn't going to come this time.

Amy squeezed my head with her legs when she shuddered with her first orgasm. Her juices flowed from her pussy, I lapped them up as fast as I could. She was no gusher like Dawn but she was flowing pretty well.

"Oh my god James," Amy said as she sat completely up and ground her pussy down on my face.

My nose was now buried up in her sweet little ass. I continued to tongue her pussy as deep as I could then I took my tongue and flicked her clit over and over. Her pussy lips drew up and she shook with another orgasm. She began to grind her pussy down harder on my face. My nose was in her asshole as she moaned and rocked on my mouth. I sucked on her clit harder and tongued her as best as I could with all her weight on my face. She was moaning loudly as I reached up with my hands and lifted her just slightly. I shifted her a little and then pulled her back down as I drove my tongue deep into her ass.

"Oh yes! Tongue my ass!"

I licked and circled and probed her tight little asshole. She was moaning louder when I felt her reach down and begin fingering her pussy. She began to rock more and more as she fingered herself. I jammed my tongue up into her ass as hard as I could. Amy continued to squirm and grind down on me, her body quivering as she did.

"Oh my god yes, yes!"

Amy jerked with another huge quivering orgasm. She fell forward onto me and laid there. After several minutes she moved and turned around and lay on me and kissed me as hard as she could.

"Oh god James that was wonderful."

"Amy, are you sure this is okay with Dawn?"

"We talked this morning before you woke up. She was excited about everything that happened last night so she told me she wanted me to fuck you if you wanted."

"Why, she has always been a little jealous."

"She said that if I wanted to fuck you it was okay, and if you asked she said to tell you it was okay and thanks for letting her make love to me."

"I enjoyed just watching and I am glad it made Dawn happy but you don't have to do this."

I was feeling a little uneasy about where this would go. I was okay with Dawn having another woman making love to her and her making love to another woman which had been my fantasy, but I really couldn't believe Dawn told Amy this was okay and why didn't Dawn want to watch.

"Amy, why doesn't Dawn want to be here?"

"She felt you would be uncomfortable the first time if she watched. She said she would watch the video later with you."

First time? I was still uncomfortable, I thought that after last night Dawn might be thinking if she lets Amy fuck me, I would let some other guy fuck her and I wasn't comfortable with that. She was already wandering around the house half naked and I was uneasy about that but I knew how much she liked to show off.

"Do you not want to fuck me James?"

"Sure, I was just thinking..."

"Good."

And with that Amy moved around and straddled my now rock hard cock and slowly began to rub her wet pussy up and down it while she had it pinned to my stomach. I looked up at her seeing her fully for the first time in the light. All that gorgeous red hair, her alabaster skin, her huge firm D tits and that neatly trimmed red hair over her pussy, my god what a site.

"What are you looking at?"

"I am just looking at your beautiful body, don't say anything to Dawn but I always wanted to fuck a redhead, I hear they are wild."

"So you are going to fuck me then?"

"Damn straight!"

"Ewwww!!"

Amy began swiveling her hips and sliding her pussy more vigorously up and down the length of my cock rubbing her clit against it.

"I can't wait to have all that inside me, I have never had a cock so big. I might even have another surprise for you later."

"What?"

"Later, now fuck me."

With that Amy rose up and reached down and grabbed my cock with one hand and moved it to the opening of her pussy and eased down on it. Slowly, she took it in. After she had most of it in she stopped for a few seconds and then slowly slid all the way down.

"Oh my god that feels wonderful!"

"You feel wonderful too," I told her.

"I have never been so full before, I am going to take this slow and easy."

"You take it as slow as you want Amy."

Amy began to raise and lower her pussy up and down my shaft. Her pussy was very tight and warm, the sensation was incredible. She did this for a very long time, her eyes closed and her head thrown back just enjoying the feeling. I reached up and grasp a breast in each hand, they were a handful, I squeezed and massaged them while she rocked.

Amy tilted her head forward and said, "You like my breast?"

"Yes, they are perfect."

"Dawn has perfect breast too, they are just not as full as mine."

"Yes she does but I just want to enjoy yours right now."

Amy tilted her head back again, sat down on my cock all the way and began to swivel her hips while I grabbed each of her nipples and played with them softly.

"Pinch my nipples James, I like that."

I began to pinch and twist her huge nipples as they became even more erect. They were becoming about the size of a very large eraser on a pencil and stuck out about a half inch. Amy gyrated harder and moaned.

"Yes... that's the way I like it."

With that I reached up and grabbed her around the shoulders and pulled her down on top of me. She stuck one of her breasts right up to my mouth. I engulfed a mouth full of nipple and tit while I circled her nipple with my tongue, it was huge. I sucked on it and then grabbed it between my teeth.

"Oh that feels good, harder."

I bit down harder on her nipple and pulled on it. Amy continued to gyrate on my cock as she moaned.

"Oh harder James, bite my nipple harder."

I sucked more of her erect nipple in my mouth and bit down hard at the base of it. She moaned more and more, I bit harder. She began to gyrate faster on my cock. I thought if I bit any harder I would draw blood. Amy leaned forward hard and smothered my face with her huge breast. I bit down even harder and sucked as hard as I could. Amy started humping me real hard and all of a sudden she jerked several times and then I felt her body shudder.

"Oh yes!"

She sat up quickly and yanked her nipple from between my teeth, I knew that hurt like hell. She leaned back on my cock then reached down and grabbed her swollen clit between her fingers and pinched it like she was trying to pinch it off.

"Oh my god!"

Her whole body jerked hard again, I felt her pussy muscles clamp down tightly around my cock.

"Oh yes!"

She jerked and humped really hard several more times as her juices began to flow out of her pussy. One last huge jerk and she fell forward on my chest. This woman was an animal. We laid there for a long time until my cock began to soften inside her.

"Oh no you don't!" Amy said as she sat up. "You are not going soft on me."

She then reached around behind her and began stroking my balls. My cock immediately became hard again and forced its way back up inside her.

"That's better."

Amy began to gyrate her hips again, just fast enough to keep my attention and my cock hard.

"Amy, you're incredible."

"I know."

She looked at me and smiled really big and then leaned over and kissed me again. She rose up a little and looked deep into my eyes, it was the first time I had really noticed she had incredible emerald green eyes.

"Is there anything you want to ask me about James?" She asked as she continued to swivel her hips back and forth.

"Like what?"

"Anything, like what did it feel like to have your wife eat me?"

Wow, this girl was not bashful at all.

"I imagine you have been eaten by other women before haven't you?"

"Yes, but not as many as you might think."

"What about the woman you are living with right now, don't you two enjoy each other?"

"Oh yes, but don't think of me as a lesbian, I really like men more, I just also enjoy women."

"Are you and your girl friend in a committed relationship"?

"Not really, I just moved in with her because I can't afford an apartment by myself in town. We have a living arrangement and it comes with benefits."

"Oh really? She won't mind if you are here with us?"

"Not really."

"Can you bring her to the next party; I would like to meet her."

"I bet you would!"

"Seriously, bring her next time."

"Is there going to be a next time?"

"Well Amy, it appears from what I have seen these people are plenty happy and are having plenty of fun. I think they will be back again if we ask. You will come back won't you?"

"I will see if she wants to come next time, but she is not as outgoing as I am."

Amy began to move her hips a little more. This went on for a while in silence.

"So Dawn has never made love to another woman before?"

"Not that I am aware of."

"I don't know James, she is pretty good for a first-timer."

"It appeared she was enjoying herself," I said.

"Yes it did seem that she was enjoying herself. Has she has ever had another man fuck her?"

"I am sure she had sex before we met but I don't think she has been fucked by another man since then."

"What a waste."

"What do you mean?"

"With all these sexually active people you know and none of them have asked to fuck her."

"Well, up until last night I have never seen these people act this way and there are plenty of men that flirt with her."

"Would you let another guy fuck her?"

"Who is asking?"

Amy stopped swiveling her hips and looked at me.

"I am."

"You sure?"

"Yes, I mean you are getting to fuck me, why wouldn't you let another guy fuck her?"

"We have never talked about it. We have never talked about this!"

"Would you let her fuck another guy if she asked?"

"I don't know."

"That is kind of a double standard isn't it?"

I was getting a little irritated.

"Well if you think it is unfair you can get off my cock you seem to be enjoying."

"I wasn't pushing you I just wanted to know how you felt about it."

"You wanted to know or Dawn wants to know?"

Amy stopped gyrating again and looked at me with a little anger.

"I want to know! I wouldn't get between you and your wife on that subject. It's just if it happened...I would like to be there."

"Amy, just fuck me for now!"

"You got it, enough conversation for now."

Amy began to ride me hard. She reached up and began pinching her nipples and riding me harder and faster. This was my favorite position to fuck because it kept me from coming fast. Amy was going to be in for a ride as long as she wanted. 

Amy became wetter and wetter as her juices flowed. She went from pinching her nipples to rubbing her clit, she was enjoying the long ride. Her alabaster skin began to flush bright red as she got hotter and hotter. She moved both hands down to her pussy trying to stick her fingers in with my cock while she rubbed harder and harder on her clit. As she started to moan and toss her head around she began to hump me faster and faster. I watched as the beads of sweat began to run down her chest, she was sweating on the bottom of her ass and thighs adding to the sliding sensation. She began moaning louder and louder.

"Oh, oh, oh! James I am so hot, come inside me!" Amy cried out as she ground into me.

"You aren't working hard enough!"

"Shit James, fuck me then!"

"Keep trying!"

Amy began to become breathless as she slid back and forth faster and faster.

"Come inside me now, please!"

I pushed up hard with my hips and drove my cock deeper into her wet pussy.

"Oh my god, I am coming, come with me James, now!"

I pushed up harder with no intention of coming in her right then. Louder she moaned. She furiously began to ride me while she gasped for air.

"Now James, now!!"

I wanted to feel that hot pussy grab my cock one more time and see her shudder with a thunderous orgasm.

"Now James! I'm coming!!"

I bounced my hips up as hard as I could feeling my cock stretch the inside of her pussy to its limits.

"I'm coming!!"

I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock and spasm. She began to thrash around on me, jerking and jerking as her muscles convulsed. Her body shuttered with a long huge orgasm.

"Oh my god!!"

And with one big shudder of her body she jerked over and over again. I reached up quickly and grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her down on to me and in one quick motion and rolled her over on her back and pulled her knees up and pinned them beside her head. I jammed my cock into her as far as it would go.

"Oh god James, please!"

I got some leverage and started thrusting into her pussy as hard as I could, in and out, fast long strokes. Amy was screaming. I pumped in and out of her as hard and deep as I could.

"Oh James, I can't take it, I am going to pass out!!"

"No you're not, you want me to come, you are going to take every inch of it!"

Amy thrashed her head from side to side.

"Amy I am going to fuck you as hard as I can until you come over and over. You come again now Amy! Now!"

I slammed into her over and over again as hard and deep as I could.

"Oh god!!!"

She began to jerk and buck as hard as she could. I could feel the muscle contractions shooting through her body. She was frantic, losing all control. I was building to an incredible orgasm.

"Now James!!!" Amy screamed as loud as she could.

I felt her pussy clamp down one last time and I buried all I had into her and began to pump all the cum I had deep inside her, over and over again.

"Oh god your cum is so fucking hot!!"

She bucked up against me as best she could and I pushed as hard as I could, my cock pulsed over and over as it filled her up. Amy went limp whimpering, she was totally limp except for some muscle twitches shooting though her body. I collapsed on top of her. We lay there together sweaty and hot, our bodies pressing against each other. As her orgasm subsided I felt her pussy twitching, it felt good on my swollen cock. 

She looked gorgeous when I propped up on my hands to look at her, she was all sweaty, red and flushed. I leaned forward and kissed her deeply on the mouth. She opened her eyes and looked at me for a minute, she had a far off look in her eyes. Suddenly she smiled real big and pulled me back down and drove her tongue in my mouth. We kissed deeply for a long time. When we parted Amy was still breathing hard.

"God James, is that the way you and Dawn always make love?"

"Not always, sometimes it gets really out of control."

Amy laughed. The feelings of her laughter on my now softening cock felt good.

I lay on top of her for a few more minutes as she held me around my neck. I took my time looking at her beautiful face and hair. I eventually rolled off her and we laughed more. About that time there was a knock on the study door, Dawn opened the door and peeped in.

"Everyone is wondering what all the noise is," she said as she stepped inside the room and closed the door. I looked at my wife's perfect body peering through her robe and noticed that her pussy was wet and glistening.

Amy and I continued to laugh.

"Sounds like you two had a good time."

I just looked at Dawn. Amy spoke up and said, "A great time!"

Dawn walked over and got down on her knees beside me and bent over and kissed me with as much love as she ever has, then she leaned over and kissed Amy.

"Dawn why?"

"It was only fair."

"But where is this going, why didn't you want to join us?"

"Right now, it's going to breakfast, and I will join you next time!"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Dawn left the room and closed the door behind her. Next time I thought.

"I need a shower before going to breakfast," Amy said.

"Me too, let's go to our bedroom and shower."

We got up off the floor, I found my robe and Amy found hers. We quietly snuck out of the study and went down the hall to our master bedroom. I went to the bath and turned on all the shower heads.

"Come on in Amy."

Amy dropped her robe walking into the bath and headed into the shower. It was still hard for me to take my eyes of her body; her alabaster skin was such a contrast to Dawn's dark tan. We spent about 15 minutes in the shower soaping each other up and playing a little grab ass. I shampooed Amy's long red hair while we showered. My cock started to stiffen and Amy grabbed hold of it.

"We better not start anything again, we need to get downstairs to breakfast," I said.

We rinsed and toweled off and went back into the bedroom. I got Amy another of Dawn's robes and I grabbed a fresh robe for myself. As we exited the bedroom Amy and I both tied our robes closed before we went downstairs.

When we got to the top of the stairs going down to the big room we looked down to see everyone looking back up at us, I guess everyone knew what had happened. As we got down to the bottom and headed toward the kitchen area several people said good morning in a sly way as they looked. We said good morning and just continued to the kitchen. I wasn't sure how I felt about all our friends knowing I had just fucked another woman. When we got over to where Dawn and some of the other wives were serving breakfast, Dawn turned and said, "I am glad you two are up finally." 

I looked at Amy and she started to blush.

"What do you two want for breakfast," Carol asked as she looked and smiled at us.

Just to be a smart ass I said, "Whatever you have, we worked up quite an appetite."

"Sounded like it," Carol replied.

Dawn turned and looked at me and I just looked back and smiled. Amy was turning a deep red.

I was enjoying eating breakfast and looking around at the women sitting around in various states of exposure. Most everyone had already finished eating and were sitting around talking about different things, Dawn and the others were cleaning up the dishes and kitchen. Dawn finally walked over to me and gave me a big kiss. I asked Dawn were the foursome that was out by the pool last night had slept, she said they had found some blankets and slept outside enjoying the night air.

"Everyone, I hope all of you had a good time last night and found the accommodations pleasing," Dawn announced.

There were cries of 'great' and a few hand claps.

"Before everyone leaves I have one favor to ask. I would appreciate it if everyone would help change the sheets on the beds and help tidy up a bit."

"Sure," were the answers.

Dawn led different people around to all the bedrooms and gave them fresh linens for the beds. I am sure the sheets on the bed were pretty cum soaked at this point. Some of the others helped pick up glasses and left-over drinks. After about an hour everyone had rounded up the clothes they could find and had helped change the beds. They all began to gather downstairs preparing to leave.

Dawn and I had slipped on some clothes and were talking to all the others. Many were asking when the next party was going to be. I told them that would be up to Dawn but I was sure it would be soon enough. Everyone was thanking Dawn and I for the good time and for letting them stay overnight. John and Carol came up to me asked where we got the sex chair, they wanted one. I told him to just goggle tantra chair on the internet.

Hugs and kisses were all around as everyone began to leave. Dawn told them she would email everyone when the next party would be. John and Carol announced that the Halloween party was going to be at their house. It took a while for everyone to leave. Dawn and I went back in the house and sat down on the big sofa.

"I think it was a hit," I said.

"A hit, I think they were all overcome. I don't think they had planned on what happened but I told everyone when I invited them to have a good time," Dawn answered.

Then Dawn and I looked at each other and began to laugh.

"Did you have a good time honey?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, but I think we need to talk later."

"Okay, but don't worry about it."

"Where is the laundry room?" A voice said.

I turned and saw Amy with a big handful of sheets.

"I thought you left Amy?" I said.

Dawn turned to me and told me that Amy had agreed to stay and help her wash sheets. Dawn and Amy went from room to room and gathered up all the linens and took them to the laundry room. I lay back on the sofa and rested, I was still pretty tired from the long night and that morning. I guess I dozed off because when I woke up I saw Dawn and Amy curled up sleeping on the other big sofa in the room, it was about 1:30 in the afternoon. I got up quietly and went down the long hall to the other end of the house.

When we built the house I hired a company that specialized in security systems and AV installations to wire all the cameras, stereos, lights and computers. The individual cameras were all installed after the house was completed, I didn't want the crew working on the house to know about them. Sam was the guy that owned the company. He was about 27 and was an electronics/computer genius, he had built a nice company doing electronics installations. It had taken him and his crew several weeks just to run all the wires, and there were a lot of wires. After the house was finished I had him come back alone and we finished the install of the cameras and all the computer equipment that supported them. I had put him under a tight contract with a severe financial penalty if he leaked any of the information about the electronics or security in the house, he didn't have a problem with that.

At the end of the hall was a door that had an electronic lock on it. Behind that door was the electronics room with all the control equipment and wires. The door stayed locked and when someone asked about the lock we just told them it was a safe room. I went into the room to check on the previous nights recordings. All the stereos, DVD players and computers for the entire house were in it. All the wiring from everything terminated there and was connected to all types of network equipment and switches. On one side of the room was a large desk that had several keyboards and monitors sitting on it. Behind the desk was a 60" TV hanging on the wall. This was where I edited video from the cameras.

I wanted to see how much video had been recorded. I sat down and pulled up the information on one of the screens. From all the different cameras and all the recordings there was over 100 hours of video on the hard drives. I thought,' this will take forever to edit'. I started the playback at the time that everyone had started arriving. I pulled up different views on the monitors on the desk and placed four views on the large TV. I began fast forwarding and scanning the monitors.

I got to the time that everyone started heading for the pool. I was looking at all the ladies as they changed into their bathing suits. There had been some that were modest suits but most of them were pretty skimpy, all of the ladies had excellent bodies--only if they knew. Then I saw Dawn and Amy enter the master bedroom. I stopped the fast forward and watched. 

Dawn had taken Amy up to our bedroom to find her a bathing suit. Dawn went to the closet and brought back three or four suits for Amy to try on. Without hesitation I saw Amy strip all her clothes off in front of Dawn so she could try on a suit. God she was beautiful. Amy reached out to Dawn for a suit but Dawn sort of hesitated, it appeared she was staring at Amy's nakedness. I could see Amy was saying something so I turned on the sound so I could hear.

"What's wrong Dawn, you never see another woman naked before?" Amy had said to Dawn.

Dawn stuttered a little and then said, "Sure, it's just you are so beautiful."

"Well Dawn, I think you are quite beautiful yourself."

Dawn finally handed a suit to Amy to try on. Amy took the suit and put it on while standing and staring at Dawn. She didn't like the way the suit fit, so she stripped it off and tossed it on the bed. Dawn continued to stare, she seemed to be fixated on Amy's perfect D breasts. Amy took several steps toward Dawn and took the handful of suits she was holding out and dropped them on the floor. Amy then grabbed Dawn's hand and placed it on one of her breasts. Dawn pulled her hand back but Amy continued to hold it.

"Dawn would you like to touch me?"

"Uh...no...yes...I don't know," Dawn stammered.

Amy lifted Dawn's hand back up and placed it on her breast and held it there. Dawn was fixated on Amy's large tits. Amy had large pink areolas and large nipples. I guess she was having the same reaction I had when I first saw Amy naked. Amy took a half step forward so she was closer to Dawn.

"Amy, I am not like that."

"Dawn, every woman is like that if she wants to be."

Then Amy was squeezing Dawn's hand while it was lying over her huge nipple making Dawn squeeze her breast.

"Please Amy, we are friends."

"I know. I look at you at work all day Dawn, you have one hot little body."

"But Amy, I am not a lesbian."

"I didn't say you were. You don't have to be a lesbian to appreciate another woman's body Dawn."

Dawn looked into Amy's eyes.

"Dawn have you ever touched another woman like this?"

"No."

"Not even experimenting in college?"

"No I have never..."

"...don't my breasts feel nice and soft?"

"...yes."

Amy removed her hands from Dawn's. I watched as Dawn kept squeezing Amy's breast on her own. Dawn moved her hand around and rubbed under Amy's breast and then she lifted it up, feeling the weight of her large breast. Dawn then reached up with the other hand and placed it on Amy's other breast. She played with Amy's breasts for a few minutes. Suddenly Dawn pulled her hands away.

"Amy we shouldn't."

"It's okay Dawn."

And then Amy moved a hand up and placed it on one of Dawn's breast and rubbed it through the top of her bikini. Dawn started to step back but Amy held onto her breast. Amy took her other hand and reached to the back of Dawn's neck. I saw her pull on the ties holding the top up. It came untied and Amy pulled the top down to expose Dawn's breasts.

"Dawn, you have perfect breasts, I have wanted to see them for a long time. I watch you every day in scrubs and see your tits poking up and I have always wanted to see and touch them."

Amy brought both her hands up and began to massage Dawn's breasts. After a few minutes, Amy grabbed Dawn by the hand and led her over to the bed. The two of them sat down facing each other.

"Amy, are you a lesbian?"

"Let me just say I enjoy having a good time with men and women."

Amy picked Dawn's hand back up and placed it back on her breast as Amy reached over and began rubbing Dawn's breast with her other hand. Dawn seemed to be getting into it. I watched while this continued. Now I knew why the two of them were gone for so long before they came down to the pool. I continued to watch to see just how far it had gone. Amy had begun to rub the top of Dawn's thighs. Dawn appeared to not know what to do.

"Dawn, I want to make love to you."

Dawn looked up at Amy sharply.

"What!?"

"I want to make love to you right now."

"Amy what are you saying, I don't do that."

"You would enjoy it Dawn. You don't have to make love to me I just want to make love to you."

"Amy, I have never done anything like that. What...what about James?"

"What about him?"

"I don't think he would understand."

"Would he understand if he got to watch?"

"Watch? I would be too embarrassed, he wouldn't understand."

"I am sure James would love to watch and I think he would be okay with it. Haven't you ever watched other people make love?"

"Uh...yes...before...but that was different."

"Have you ever let someone watch you two make love?"

"Yes..."

With that Amy leaned over and kissed Dawn gently on the lips. Dawn pulled back.

"It's okay Dawn."

"Amy I am not sure about this. This isn't the time or place."

"When would be the time and place?"

"I...I... don't know... maybe later...maybe...tonight."

With that said, Amy continued to encourage Dawn. Dawn told Amy she might if I was with them. The two of them continued to discuss the situation. Then I heard the two of them talking about plans to spring this on me. As they continued to talk I began to realize I had been setup last night. The two of them had planned the entire thing. I was amazed at Dawn, she had never done anything like this before. After several more minutes of conversation the two of them were laughing and it seemed they had worked everything out.

"Come on Amy, we need to get back downstairs before anyone notices we are gone."

Amy picked up the suit I had seen her in and put it on. Dawn grabbed a matching wrap and they left the bedroom.

'Son-of-a-bitch'. That little minx had set the entire thing up. I hadn't fully heard everything they talked about, I was in shock. I clicked off the playback and sat there and wondered what was happening to my perfect little wife. I thought everything had been a spur of the moment thing. I guess Dawn's new found attitude was really beginning to come out. She had changed a lot since we had come into the money, but so had I. I guess not having to work all the time and being free to do whatever we wanted had loosened up our spirits and changed our attitudes toward life. But I wasn't disappointed with how things had turned out. I had always fantasized about a three-way but when I had hinted at it Dawn would ignore me. And I sure wasn't unhappy about getting to fuck Amy.

I guess Dawn was so shocked she hadn't thought about the cameras or thought I hadn't turned them on yet. I usually did keep the cameras inside turned on all the time. I had three options with all the cameras; turn them off, turn them on constant, or set them for motion activation like they were last night. Usually when we are fooling around I set them for motion activated so they follow us around the house and outside. She was going to be surprised when she saw this.

I scanned through some more of the evening but my mind was on other things. I realized I had been in there for about an hour and a half, I was wondering if Dawn and Amy were awake. I punched up the downstairs room and I didn't see them on the sofa anymore but I did see clothes scattered everywhere. I left to check out what was going on, I was not comfortable with the idea yet that Dawn and Amy might be going at it again.

When I got back to the room I looked around and then I heard someone squeal from outside. I went out to the pool area and saw Dawn and Amy splashing each other in the pool, neither of them appeared to have any clothes on. They didn't see me at first, they continued to splash each other and I saw some hands grabbing breasts. Finally they saw me and stopped.

"Come on in honey!" Dawn yelled.

I stripped off my clothes and walked over to the pool and sat down on the edge near them. They both came over to the edge of the pool and propped themselves up on each side of me.

"You two look like you are having fun."

"Where have you been?" Dawn asked.

"Oh, I was in the electronics room looking at some of the video from last night."

I then gave Dawn a stern look. I got no reaction from her, I guess she thought she hadn't been caught.

"What all did you get?" Dawn asked.

"Just about everything from what I could tell. I think there is over a hundred hours of recordings."

"Can we go watch it?" Amy asked.

"Not right now, it hasn't been edited and I have a plan for it."

"What?" Dawn asked.

"I will tell you after our swim."

I jumped in the pool with them and we played around and swam for a while. About 4:30 we got out of the pool and dried off and went inside, no one bothered to put any clothes on. Dawn and Amy went to the kitchen to fix some sandwiches. The two of them returned and we sat down on the sofa and ate our sandwiches and drank our beer.

"What are you going to do with the videos?" Dawn asked.

"Well I have an idea for a surprise, let me explain."

My idea was to take all the action and make a long movie out of it and then when we had our next party, I would get everyone in the downstairs theater and surprise them with it. Dawn said they would definitely be surprised since they didn't know that had been recorded. Amy said that it should be fun.

I told Dawn that we had one problem though, the other three couples that had left early were not on the videos and they usually came to all the parties, I didn't what them to be embarrassed or left out and we couldn't not invite them. The three couples that left after dinner had to go home because of their kids, they hadn't planned on the party being so long. We knew they were pretty cool and would enjoy it if we invited them.

Dawn said, "I have an idea on how to solve the problem."

"What?" Amy asked with enthusiasm.

"I will let you know if I can work it out, we should be able to get some video of them," Dawn said.

"How?" I asked.

"Let me work on it."

With that Dawn and I got up and took the dishes back to the kitchen and grabbed more beers.

I whispered to Dawn, "How long is Amy staying?"

"Do you want her to go?"

"No, but I am pretty horny from this morning and I want to make love to you."

"She is going to stay for dinner and then go back to town. I want to repay her for helping me clean up the house."

We returned to sit in front of the TV, I handed Amy another beer.

"Can we watch some of the video?" Amy asked.

"Sure if you want," I said.

I thought for a moment, I should pull up the two of them in the bedroom, that would be a surprise but I had other plans for that. I knew what time the foursome on the patio got started and since there was some girl on girl action I thought that it would be a good place to start.

I started the recording just before the two ladies had been getting it on and the two guys were jacking off on them. Dawn and Amy got into it watching the two women eating each other's pussy, that got my attention and my cock started to get stiff. Dawn and Amy were on one side of me. As the scene got hot I noticed the two of them reach over and start rubbing each other's thighs. I turned my attention to the two of them. The scene on the TV got more intense and the two women started moaning loudly, I saw Amy's hand slowly move up to Dawn's breast and begin to massage it, Dawn returned the favor. I watched as the two of them watched the TV and continued to massage each other's tits. Watching this, my cock really got hard and stiff. The action on the screen went on for about 30 minutes and then the couples paired off and went to the hot tub. It broke Amy and Dawn's trance.

Dawn turned toward me and said, "Pull something else up," then she saw my hard-on.

"Oh, I guess you like what you saw."

"On the screen and off," I said.

Dawn said, "Let me take care of that for you."

She turned toward me and bent over and began sucking my cock. Dawn could give really good head and I really wanted to fuck her in the worst way since I hadn't gotten to all day. She continued to suck me as Amy watched. Dawn rolled on over and pulled her legs up so she was on her knees on the sofa and bent over trying to go all the way down on my cock. I guess after she had seen Amy do it she wanted to give it a try, maybe Amy had given her a few pointers. Dawn began to slowly take me deeper and deeper into her mouth. She had tried many times to deep throat me but she could never hold it. I looked over at Amy as she was watching Dawn, she looked at me and then she repositioned herself so she could get a good view of Dawn's ass and pussy.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Amy began rubbing Dawn's back slowly and then moved her hands down to the cheeks of her ass. When she started massaging Dawn's cheeks Dawn began to moan which felt great on my cock. Dawn continued to suck as much of me into her mouth as she could as I watched Amy play with my wife's ass. Amy began to run her index finger down Dawn's crack over and over. Dawn moaned some more. Amy stuck her finger in her mouth and got it wet and placed it next to Dawn's pussy lips and slowly began to part her lips. I watched as Amy plunged her index finger in between Dawn's lips and deep into her pussy. Dawn inhaled deeply around my cock and moaned.

Amy slowly inserted several more fingers into Dawn and worked them around. Dawn kept moaning and started moving her hips around. As Amy worked Dawn up to near a climax Dawn kept sucking harder and harder on my cock. I was really getting turned on with her trying to deep throat me and watching Amy finger Dawn. As Amy sped up her action Dawn began bobbing up and down on my cock rapidly as she appeared to be quickly nearing an orgasm. Dawn usually didn't get off that quickly when I fingered her but I guess the excitement of another woman doing her was really turning her on.

Dawn arched her back and I began to feel her orgasm moving through her body. She forced her mouth down on my cock and I felt the head hit the back of her throat. She held it there longer than she had ever been able to while her body jerked. Amy pulled her fingers out of Dawn's pussy then looked at me and stuck all three fingers deep into her mouth and sucked them clean. Dawn raised her head up and gagged a little. Just then Amy leaned forward and drove her tongue deep into Dawn's pussy. Dawn inhaled hard and released my cock from her lips grip. 

"Oh yes!" Dawn screamed.

Amy's face was buried up into Dawn's pussy. She was licking and slurping, Dawn was in heaven. I raised my hand up and grabbed Dawn's dangling breast and began to pinch her nipple, she began panting. She tried to take my cock back into her mouth but she was breathing too hard to keep it in. I watched Amy as she drove Dawn crazier and crazier. Just as Dawn was about to climax again Amy pulled her face out of Dawn's pussy and looked up at me. Her face was covered in Dawn's pussy juice, she winked at me and then leaned forward. When she leaned forward she stuck out her tongue and drove it straight into Dawn's asshole.

"Oh my god!" Dawn screamed.

Dawn would rarely let me try to fuck her in the ass, she said I was just too big, but she enjoyed me tonguing her asshole and she would let me stick my finger in while I was eating her, but when Amy hit her hot button, her arms collapsed and she plopped head down onto my lap moaning. I saw Amy begin to circle her asshole with her tongue, Dawn began to whimper. For several minutes Amy switched between licking around her asshole and driving her tongue in it. Then Amy reached up and shoved several fingers back into Dawn's pussy. Dawn was face down on my cock gasping for air. Amy fingered her pussy slowly while she tongued her ass. Dawn was beginning to twitch, I knew that when she started off an orgasm this way it would be huge.

After several minutes of this I knew Dawn was going to have a massive orgasm. Amy setup, looked at me and then slid her cum covered fingers from Dawn's pussy and took her middle finger placed it up against Dawn's tight little asshole and pushed slowly.

"Ahhhhh!!" Dawn cried. "Oh my god Amy!!"

Amy began to work her finger in and out of Dawn's ass. I could feel Dawn's rapid warm breaths blowing on my stiff cock as Amy began working her finger in and out faster.

"Ohhhhh!" Dawn cried.

Then I saw Amy take her finger out and then slowly stick her index finger and middle finger into Dawn's asshole slowly and work them in and out.

"Ahhh, Ahhh, Ahhh!" Dawn went each time Amy plunged her fingers in.

Amy began working her two fingers in and out faster. Dawn's back arched up. Dawn would let me stick my fingers in her ass but she had never let me go at her like this.

"Oh god, I...I...I'm going to come!!"

Dawn began bucking her hips and her body began to jerk wildly. I pinched down hard on her nipple and twisted, Dawn's back gave one big arch up and then down and I heard her gushing out juices. Up and down her back arched. Amy continued working on her asshole. The convulsions continued and Dawn kept coming.

With one final jerk Dawn screamed, "Stop, I can take it anymore!"

Amy slowly pulled her fingers out and bent over and began to suck the juices out of Dawn's pussy. Each time Amy sucked Dawn jerked. I knew her pussy must be swollen and tender.

"Oh...Oh...Oh...," came out with each jerk.

I thought I was going to come in Dawn's ear watching this.

"Please stop Amy!"

Amy stopped her torture, kissed Dawn's pussy and then kissed up the crack of her ass and up her back. She then looked at me and stuck her tongue out and licked all of Dawn's juices from around her lips. Amy then sat back on the sofa and began to rub Dawn's back slowly. After about five minutes Dawn began to stir. She started to sit up, her hair was all stuck to her face and she looked dazed. She twisted around and set up between Amy and me. 

In a still breathless voice she whispered out, "Oh god Amy that was fantastic."

Amy leaned over and kissed her deeply for a few seconds. Dawn reached up with both hands and took Amy's face between them and began to lick her own juice off Amy's face. Wow, my cock was stiffening up more.

"Dawn, why don't you let James fuck you in the ass now?"

"I can't, he is too big, it hurts, and I've tried."

"I think you could do it Dawn."

Dawn began to get up when she turned toward me and said, "He can't fuck me in the ass, but I am ready for him to fuck my pussy!"

Then she straddled me, grabbed my cock with one hand, lowered herself and inserted my raging hard-on into her dripping wet pussy. Damn she was hot inside. She leaned forward and kissed me deeply while she began to slowly lift her ass up and down. Slowly she got a little more rhythm going. I reached around and grabbed her ass and helped lift her up and down. She began to push herself all the way down on my pulsing cock. It usually took her a minute or so to get my entire cock in her. Up and down she went, sliding her hot pussy from the top of my cock down to the base. I began to thrust my hips up against her and met each of her downward movements. I grabbed her ass and shoved my cock in and out of her as fast as I could. After what I had seen I was going to come fast. Dawn began to cry out. I knew that since she had just had a mind blowing orgasm she would come again quickly.

"Yes honey, faster...deeper!"

I kept up my pace, thrusting harder and deeper with each stroke. I felt Dawn's inner muscles starting to pulse and clamp down on my cock. Faster I went, as fast as I could, I was on fire and so was Dawn. She began to jerk and buck her hips down on me hard. I felt her muscles clamp down on my cock tight and I began to come deep inside her. She was jerking hard now, another orgasm taking hold of her body.

"Oh yes, yes, yes! Keep coming inside me, it feels so good!"

Her pussy muscles continued to milk my cock after I couldn't thrust anymore. Dawn began to slowly hump me as she let the waves of pleasure move through her body. With one last thrust, I jammed my cock deep into her and then we collapsed together. Dawn just sat there for a while. My cock was beginning to soften in her pussy. Amy started slowly clapping her hands.

"Excellent, very good!" Amy said.

Dawn and I looked over at her and we began to laugh. Amy started laughing also.

"That was very exciting to watch," Amy commented.

"It was fun to have an audience," I said. "Thanks for the warm up Amy."

Dawn looked at me while she said, "Did you enjoy our show Amy?"

"Very much!"

Dawn set up on her knees and let my cock slide out of her pussy. I was still semi-hard from just looking at these two beautiful women.

"Let's go get cleaned up Amy," and Dawn reached over a grabbed Amy's hand and pulled her up from the sofa and they slowly walked off toward the downstairs bath hand in hand. 

I watched as Dawn walked away and I saw my cum running down the inside of her legs. The last 48 hours had been mind blowing. I leaned back on the sofa as everything that had happened went through my mind. This couldn't get much better I thought.

The two of them were gone for a while, I didn't even wonder if something was going on. I got up and went to the kitchen and got another beer. I grabbed a couple of towels and went back to the sofa to clean it up, Dawn had left a mess. After cleaning up all the sex from the sofa I went over and sat on the other sofa.

Dawn and Amy finally returned, walking toward me naked.

"Why did you move?" Dawn asked.

"Because the other sofa is wet!"

They came over to where I was sitting and Dawn sat on one side and Amy on the other.

"Let me clean you up," Amy said.

She then produce a warm wash towel and cleaned all the cum off my cock and balls. It had only been 20 or 30 minutes since I had exploded into Dawn, but the warm sensation of the wash towel and the sight of Amy cleaning me up began to excite me.

"That should do it," Amy said much to my disappointment.

Dawn grabbed my beer and took several gulps from it. Just as we settled back in the sofa Amy asked Dawn, "Have you ever let James try and fuck you in the ass Dawn?"

"We have tried a few times Amy but it hurts too much for me, I don't get any pleasure out of it."

"I bet if you let him loosen you up like I did and you two practiced you would eventually be able to take it in all the way in your ass."

"I don't know Amy."

"James, do you like the thought of fucking Dawn in the ass?" Amy questioned me.

"I don't like doing anything that would cause her discomfort Amy."

"But would you like it?"

"The few times we tried it felt good but we had to stop. I guess it is a curse of being so big," I said looking at Amy.

There was a period of silence. All this talk of ass fucking was making my cock come back to life. I was thinking of fucking Dawn in the ass as my cock began to stiffen again. Dawn reached over and grasped my cock and began to stroke it slowly.

"I know James wishes he could fuck me in the ass. Amy, do you like getting fucked in the ass?" Dawn asked.

"Occasionally, it depends on the man, I only let special guys do it," Amy replied.

With hesitation Dawn asked Amy, "Do you think you could take James' cock all the way up your ass?"

Amy looked over at my cock, seeming to measure it up.

"I don't know, it is larger than anything I have fucked before. I have had some long vibrators up my ass before but he is thicker and longer."

Dawn squeezed my cock hard and said to Amy, "Would you like to try?"

My mind instantly changed gears and began to race. Dawn squeezed my cock, it grew harder and harder.

"Honey would you like to fuck Amy in the ass?"

I couldn't believe my wife was asking me this question, but then again I didn't believe everything that had happened.

"Uh...that would be up to Amy."

"Amy do you want James to stick his big cock up your ass?" Dawn said as she squeezed my cock even harder.

"If you would let him, yes I would," Amy replied with a smile.

"James, do you want to fuck Amy in the ass?"

"Sure."

"It would be okay with me. Since he has never been able to completely fuck me in the ass I think he would enjoy it Amy."

I looked at Dawn and she looked at me with all the seriousness in the world and said, "You can fuck Amy in the ass if you want."

I looked at Amy and see looked at me and smiled.

"This should be fun," Amy said with a big grin.

Amy got up slowly and bent over and placed her lips on my now swollen cock while Dawn worked her hand up and down. I couldn't believe what was happening. Amy then got up on her hands and knees on the sofa, Dawn released her grip on my cock and began to work her mouth up and down my shaft getting my cock real wet.

"That should be wet enough," Amy said as she moved where her knees were on the sofa and her hands were now holding her up on the back.

"James, slip it in my pussy and get it good and slick first."

I stood up, positioned myself behind Amy and aimed the head of my pulsing cock between her pussy lips. I slowly slipped my cock into her pussy, she was already growing wet. I slipped in easily and began to slowly slide in and out. Her thick juices were covering my cock. I pulled my cock out and stuck several fingers deep into her and got them cover in her thick juices, then I pulled them out and replaced them with my cock. I took my now slick middle finger and began probing Amy's asshole, she moaned softly. I gently began to push my finger inside her ass. I looked at Dawn and she was leaning over watching intently. In and out I gently slid my finger, feeling around inside of Amy. I pulled my middle finger out and then insert my index finger and my middle finger into her ass. Amy was completely relaxed.

"That's it, nice and slow," Amy said.

I continued for a minute slowly loosening Amy's tight little hole. As I felt her relax and loosen up a bit, Amy said, "That should be good. Now slide your cock in very slowly."

I couldn't believe I was about to fuck this gorgeous woman in the ass while my wife watched intently. I withdrew my now slimy cock from Amy's pussy and moved the head up to her asshole. I began to push gently.

"Be gentle James," Amy said.

Dawn leaned forward to where her face was just inches from the head of my cock and Amy's asshole, I began to push. The head of my cock slowly began to force her tight hole open. I pushed forward and met resistance and pushed harder. Amy groaned as the head of my cock slide past her sphincter muscle. God she was tight.

"Oh," Amy groaned as she raised her head up.

"Are you okay Amy?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, just take it slow."

I left just the head of my cock inside her ass while she relaxed.

"Okay James."

I pushed a little more, her ass was tight, but I felt the head of my cock slide fully into her rectum.

"Oh god!" Amy let out.

I waited a minute and then pushed again. The head of my slick cock pushed past her rectum.

"Oh god!!"

"Is it too much Amy?" I asked.

"No, just wait a minute," Amy responded.

I could feel my cock pulsing inside her ass, she felt wonderful. 

After a minute Amy said, "Okay."

As Dawn looked on, I pushed a little more, another inch of my thickening cock slid into her. Amy groaned loudly.

"More!" Amy requested.

I pushed a little more. I looked down and saw my cock forcing its way deeper into Amy's ass. She was really starting to get pried apart because my cock widened a lot after the head. The base of my cock was much wider than the head, I didn't think she was going to be able to handle it.

"Ahhhh!" Amy groaned loudly.

"You sure you are okay Amy?" Dawn asked.

"Yes!" She blurted out with a big breath.

"More!" Amy repeated.

I pushed several more inches into her, now I was getting to the widest part of my cock.

"Oh god! Dawn I see what you mean!" Amy let out.

I relaxed for a minute and enjoyed the view of Amy's alabaster ass and the sight of my wife focusing so intensely on my cock as it entered Amy's ass. Amy groaned a few more times then she slowly began to push back against my cock. I pushed forward and slid a few more inches into her, she groaned loudly. I now had about half my cock buried up in her ass.

"Are you okay Amy, do you want me to continue?"

"Yes!" Came out loudly.

I pushed forward and Amy eased back some more, a few more inches slid in.

"Mmmmmmm!!" Amy let out.

I was starting to think Amy had agreed to something she was regretting. As I pushed, the last few inches of my cock began to spread her asshole. I could feel the moist warmth of her bowels surrounding the length of my cock. 

"Ohhh! God you are so big!" 

As I slowly pushed, I began to feel her juices flowing around her asshole. I pushed forward as Amy groaned. I slowly slipped the last few inches in until my balls were touching her pussy.

"Oh my god!" Amy exclaimed.

"Do you want me to take it out Amy?"

"Hell no, not now!"

I held my position while Amy breathed deeply for a minute. With her head dropped down, Amy slowly pulled away and pulled a few inches out of her ass then she pushed back all the way again. She was moaning and breathing rapidly. Again she pulled forward, pulling a few inches out of her ass, I pushed it back in.

We heard an "Mmmm!"

Then I pulled out a little more and pushed it back in. Amy's juices were flowing and her tight asshole started to become slick and smooth. The feeling of my cock sliding back and forth inside her hot bowels was incredible. I pulled a few more inches out and slowly slide back in.

"Oh god yes! You are in me so deep!"

Amy pulled forward and pulled about half my cock out of her ass and then she forcefully pushed back until my balls were touching her pussy.

"That is wild," Dawn said.

I pulled out about half my length a little quicker and shoved back in. Amy moaned loudly. I slowly began to withdrew and push back in over and over as Amy's ass loosened up more. I couldn't believe how incredibly tight she was. A little faster I started to pump. My cock was getting covered in her juices. I drew out a lot farther and pushed back in with a thrust. This was the first time I had ever felt my entire cock in a woman's ass.

"Oh yes! That's it," Amy breathed out.

I began to get a rhythm going, withdrawing almost completely out and thrusting back in more and more.

"Ahhh!" Came out as Amy raised her head up.

Faster I began to go, sliding all the way out and thrusting back in. My cock was beginning to pulse. I pushed my cock in as far as it would go and forced the end to swell by contracting my muscles.

"Oh god James!" Amy let out as my cock swelled inside her.

Amy pulled forward and shoved herself back down on my cock. I began to really move in and out, pulling as much of my length out as I could and thrusting back in. Amy began to push back meeting each of my thrust. After a minute I was thrusting away at her ass and she was matching me with each thrust. I couldn't believe I was all the way inside her and pounding away like this. My balls began to make a slapping sound as they slapped against her pussy.

Dawn leaned forward and stuck out her tongue and let my cock slide back and forth against it. She forced her tongue down as far as she could get it while I banged away at Amy. I saw Dawn reach around toward Amy's pussy then Amy let out a scream. I guessed Dawn was fingering her clit. Amy began to slam herself down harder on my cock with each thrust. I felt her incredible tightness and the heat of her depths. I could feel my own muscles began to tighten, Amy was moaning continuously now. Her hips began to buck and her ass muscles were pulsing and clamping down on my cock with each thrust. She threw her head back up and her back arched down and then back up.

Amy started moaning louder and louder with each thrust. I couldn't believe she was letting me thrust in and out of her like I was. Over and over I thrust into her as hard as I could. With each thrust Amy would cry out on a loud moan.

"Oh god James, I can't believe this!!" Amy screamed. "I have never been filled up like this!"

"Amy doesn't it hurt?" Dawn asked.

"Oh no, it feels wonderful, pump my ass James!"

Amy continued to moan loudly with each thrust.

"I am about to come! Pound my ass James, pound it!"

I began to pump faster and faster, Dawn had to move her head because I was banging it so hard. Dawn continued to finger Amy's clit.

"Oh god James, I am getting so hot! I'm about to come! Now James, come in my ass, fill me up, now!"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Amy began to tighten up. I was pulling in and out of her fast and hard. My muscles were contracting. Then Dawn reached between my legs and grabbed my balls. That was all I could take.

I began to jerk uncontrollably as I felt my cum spraying the inside of Amy's bowels.

"Oh yes!!" Amy screamed as she began to come harder with each thrust.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Amy was screaming.

Dawn squeezed my balls even tighter; I squirted more and more cum into her ass while Amy was clamping down on my cock at the same time. I began to feel light headed. I shoved with one last thrust and left my cock jammed as far into Amy's ass as it would go. Amy's body rocked as a huge orgasm shot through her. One last huge jerk by Amy and...

"Ahhhhh!!" Amy screamed out as her arms buckled and she collapsed over the back of the sofa.

Amy was spent.

As my erection began to soften I slowly pulled out of Amy's tight ass. When my cock popped out I turned and collapsed on the sofa next to Amy still lying over the back. Dawn immediately moved to Amy's ass and began to lick up the cum oozing from her asshole. Each time Dawn's tongue brushed Amy's hole, she jerked. After Dawn finished slurping all the cum up, Amy turned and sat in my lap with her arm around my neck. Some time past and she regained her composer.

"Dawn, you have to try that."

"It looked like it was tearing you apart Amy?"

"Well, James is rather big, bigger than anything I have had before but Dawn if you relaxed and worked slowly you would love it," Amy responded.

"Maybe, someday," was Dawn's answer.

"Maybe I can help you," Amy said to Dawn.

Amy looked at her and smiled.

Later we all showered and got dressed, Amy stayed for dinner. Around 7:30 Amy said she needed to go back to town so she could get some rest.

"Will I see you at work Monday Dawn?" Amy asked as she headed out the door.

Yes, I have a surgery."

Later as Dawn and I went to bed we both were so turned on by the day's events that we ravished each other for hours with passionate sex.

Once we were spent we held each other in our arms, Dawn asked, "James, did you have a good time?"

"Yes, did you?"

"Yes. James... can Amy come over again?"

"Anytime honey."

"Good."

We fell asleep exhausted.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 04 Pt. 1|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-04-pt-1|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>We wanted to release this part quickly, it is a little long but has Part 1 and Part 2 but tells about a lot of fun we had getting the other 3 couples that left the first party early back to the house and on camera. Enjoy it and leave us some feedback, Dawn wants to know if anyone wants her to write one of the adventures. J & D.</I>





Getting the others back to the house and on camera

The next evening Dawn and I talked about putting all the video into a long movie to show everyone and about how we were going to get the other 3 couples that had left the party early back to the house.

"I have an idea," Dawn told me. "Let me work on it some."

The other couples were Joe and Katrina, Jack and Karen and Steve and Liz. They were all pretty cool about things, except maybe Joe and Katrina. Dawn and I had stumbled on the other couples fucking when we were trying to sneak off at other parties however we had never seen Joe and Katrina sneaking off. 

Katrina always seemed stiff and conservative but she and Joe always seemed to have fun at the other parties even though he was kind of a quiet guy. Katrina appeared to have an excellent body, what you could see of it as she usually dressed fairly conservative in expensive clothes. I really hoped to get an opportunity to see Katrina naked, from what I knew she used to be a hot model. I hoped Dawn could pull something off.

I had been working on the video for a few days when decided I was going to need something else to mix everything together so I called Sam. Sam is the owner and wizard of the company that had put all the electronics together in the house. I called him and told him I had at least a hundred hours of video that I wanted to edit down to 5 or 6 hours.

"Damn James what have you been doing?"

"I have something special and I need help editing everything, there is a lot of it."

"What's the problem?"

"I have video from many of the cameras and I am not sure how to edit and mix all the video together, I don't have enough monitors to see everything at once."

"How many frigging cameras did you have running?"

"Most of them."

"What is the video of?"

"Well, maybe it would be best if you could come and see me," I told Sam. 

I didn't want to discuss what was on the video with him over the phone I needed to talk to him first. Sam and I talked more about the situation and he said he would come over Saturday morning.

On Friday Dawn told me she had worked out getting the other three couples to come to the house. She had called all of them during the week to see if they had enjoyed dinner and then to feel them out. Two of the couples said they had heard that everyone had had a blast but Dawn said they didn't mention what went on that night. We didn't know if they knew and weren't saying anything or if the others hadn't told them.

Dawn told them she wanted them to come back and stay longer when they could. After a couple of days of talking to them and trading emails she had gotten them all to agree to come over for a bar-b-cue the last Saturday of the month, 4 weeks away. Things would start around 3:00 in the afternoon and could last well into the evening so she told them they should stay overnight so they wouldn't have to drive home late. It took Dawn some smooth talking but she had gotten all of the couples to agree to come. They all said they would make plans for their children to stay with friends or grand-parents that weekend.

Sam showed up Saturday morning, I decided I would show him some of what I had and wanted to do.

"James, what went on here?" He asked as I let him see some of the video.

"We had a little party and I want to put all this together for a surprise movie for everyone."

"Did they now they were on camera?"

"Not yet," I said.

"They will definitely be surprised," Sam said.

Sam told me to follow him to his van he had brought a commercial video editing system out to the house and some other gadgets. After several hours he had all the equipment connected in the electronics room, new wires running from the computers and some more monitors. He spent another hour showing me how I could record more video feeds at one time as they ran through the editor.

"I can't believe all this, is this why you had all the cameras put in the house?"

"We had hoped things might turn out this way. We have a small group of friends that like to party and have fun but it has never gone quiet this far."

"It looks like a success then." Sam said. "You will have to invite me to one of your parties."

Sam was in his late 20's and a nice looking guy but he was outside of the social group we partied with. We rarely added people to the group, every year or so a couple would move away or a couple would have kids and stop coming to the parties. But all the people were in positions with jobs that we all knew that they would not discuss things that went on inside our group, it would be too big of a risk for them if others found out.

"You married Sam?" I asked.

"No, but I am engaged to a fantastic woman."

"Honestly, we don't usually add people to our group often but you seem like a pretty decent guy. Knowing what you know now about what went on here do you think you and your girlfriend would be cool with it?"

"I would and my girlfriend is pretty laid back, I think she would be cool with it."

"Would you two be cool with other people seeing you two together?"

"I think she would find it fun."

"Let me see what I can do. There is going to be Halloween party at the doctor's house that Dawn works with but it won't be anything like this. Maybe I can invite you two and you can get to meet everyone and see if you two hit it off."

"That would be great, thanks!"

"You better tell your girlfriend a little before you bring her."

Sam spent some more time explaining and demonstrating things, I think he really just wanted to hang around and look at the videos. While we were working Dawn came through the door.

"Hi Sam, I thought that was your van." Dawn said standing in the room in her skimpy bikini.

"Hi Dawn. I brought some equipment over to...er...help James edit some video."

"Great, you two have fun," Dawn said as she turned and left the room while Sam took a long look at Dawn's ass since her bikini bottom was a string running up the crack of her tanned ass.

I hadn't pulled up any of the video with Dawn, I wasn't sure if she wanted anyone else to see yet. Dawn was headed for the pool, Sam had given her a long look while she was in the room. Most of the bikinis Dawn wore around the house, when she had anything on, didn't leave a lot to the imagination and the tiny thong bikini she was wearing was one of them.

"Is Dawn cool with all this?" Sam asked.

"Most of it was her idea."

"Really, you have one special wife James and may I say a hot one too," Sam responded with a smile.

Sam finally left late in the afternoon, he had gotten an eye full of what all went on. I walked out with him to the van as he left.

"Call me about the party," he reminded me as he got in his van.

I went back through the house and out to the pool to see Dawn. She was lying out in the sun naked which is the way she spent most of her time.

"You took a chance that Sam didn't come out here."

"He's harmless, did he help you out?"

"The equipment Sam brought is really going to help make a nice movie, you want to help me later?"

"Sure honey. Why don't you strip down and get a little sun."

Dawn looked incredible lying there tanned all over with her oily wet body glistening. I stripped down and pulled up the lounger beside her.

"Dawn how will you feel if I add the video of you, me and Amy?"

"I expect you to. We can't show our friends if they don't get to see us also."

"What about the scenes with you and Amy?"

"I'm okay with that."

"Good, I think we are going to have fun putting this together. How do you think everyone is going to react when they see it?"

"We will just have to see but I think everyone will enjoy it," Dawn told me.

Dawn and I spent the rest of the month working on the soon to be movie while she also worked on putting the bar-b-cue together for the end of the month. She worked a few days when Dr. John needed her and she told me he had been flirting with her more and had grabbed her ass one day while in surgery. John was a few years older than Dawn and I had always been a little jealous of him flirting with her but he was that kind of guy and his wife Carol didn't seem to mind when he did it at the parties so I guessed he was harmless enough.

The Friday before the party came we set up the grill on the patio, the weather looked like it was going to be good. Dawn seemed overly excited about the upcoming events.

"What is your final plan to get things rolling," I asked.

"Plenty of alcohol if needed," she replied. "Check and make sure we have enough and go to the liquor store if we need anything please honey."

Saturday morning arrived and Dawn was busy rechecking everything, I checked the bar-b-cue supplies and got the meat out from marinating all night. Dawn planned to have pork shoulder and ribs just so it would take a long time to cook. I started cooking the meat about 9:00 so it would be ready that evening. Dawn was finishing up the hors d'oeuvres when I saw she had brought home a lot of oysters for the party.

"Dawn, you're kidding with all the oysters aren't you?"

"Well, you never know."

"Why don't you just slip the guys some Viagra!"

Dawn paused and looked slyly at me.

"You wouldn't!"

"Not a bad idea if things get started slowly," she said with a smile.

There was plenty of Viagra around the house, the drug salesmen were always passing out free samples around the hospital, they thought it was funny giving a lot of it to the nurses. I would have to keep an eye on her at the party I knew she would do it if given the chance.

About 2:30 Jack and Karen arrived. Jack is a nice looking guy, taller than average and his wife Karen is a tall blonde with a nice body, they are a younger than us and seem very outgoing. Dawn and I greeted them and got them a drink, we talked a while then headed out to the patio. Dawn was already wearing her bikini with a sheer wrap around her waist.

"Karen did you guys bring swim suits?" Dawn asked.

"I have it on under my shorts and shirt, Jack's is in the car with our overnight bag," Karen responded.

"Anytime you two want to get in the pool or the hot tub go ahead you didn't get a chance at the party," I said.

"Sorry about that, we had to go relieve the sitter. I heard everyone had a good time," Jack said.

"That's okay, everyone did seem to have had fun," I responded wondering how much he knew.

I was checking on the meat cooking when Jack came up and ask if I wanted to see his new car, I said sure and we headed back out front. Jack had bought a new sports car which I thought was odd since they had two kids. When I asked him about it he said Karen wanted to get a convertible two-seater for them to drive around in the country on weekends. He told me she was beginning to come out of her mommy shell now that the kids were getting a little older. He explained when they were dating he had had a convertible sports car that they used to enjoy driving around in. He said Karen like to ride around with the car top down as well as hers.

"James, I heard things got pretty wild around here at the party."

"What did you hear?" I asked.

"Well, John told me that the next morning everyone was running around half naked, is that true?"

"Everyone had a good time staying overnight and they were getting pretty frisky that morning. What else did he tell you?"

"He just said that he and Carol looked forward to the next party at your house."

"That's good to hear."

"When's the next party James?" Jack looked at me and asked with a smile.

"We don't know yet, probably around the holidays, you two going to John and Carol's Halloween party?"

"Plan on it."

With that he grabbed their overnight bag out of the car and we went back inside and out to the patio. Karen had already stripped down to her bikini and was sitting in the hot tub with Dawn talking. Karen stopped talking when we walked up, I had a feeling Karen was asking Dawn the same questions Jack was asking me. I took a look at Karen, the top of her bikini was showing a lot of her nice breasts.

Steve and Liz arrived about 3:00. Steve is a stocky ex-college football player with a good personality, Liz was one of the cheerleaders he met in college and married. Liz was blonde with real long hair and she has a nice ass and a really perky set of C tits. When they came in Dawn gave each of them a big hug and asked them how things were doing.

After they settled in with a drink I walked over and ask Dawn if Joe and Katrina had backed out. She said she was sure they would be late Katrina always liked to make a big entrance. Steve came over to join me at the grill and we talked small talk. 

Liz joined Dawn and Karen in the hot tub. Liz had on a real skimpy bikini with a thong bottom that I thought that was daring of her. I noticed her ass had a nice tan and no tan lines, the thought came to mind that she was getting away from the kids somehow to have that tan.

"You want another beer James?" Steve asked.

"Sure," and we went inside to the refrigerator to grab a couple of cold ones.

When we got to the kitchen Steve said, "I was talking to David last week and he said he and Julie had the fuck of their life while they were here."

Steve and Liz were real close friends with them so I was not surprised to hear him say David had told him about their own adventure, he and his wife Julie were the ones that had been out in the gazebo.

"He said things got a little crazy the next morning."

"Well, everyone was pretty drunk by midnight so we told everyone they could stay overnight."

"Hmmm. I also want to know about that chair in your bedroom, Liz said Dawn told her that you two fucked on it quite often," Steve asked as he watched me.

I took a sip of beer and told him that it was especially made for having sex on. He told me he had wondered what the hell the thing was for.

"Is it fun?" Steve asked.

"You two may just have to try it out later," I said with an evil thought in my mind. 

"I don't know about that James."

"Hey, after we eat I will take you and Liz and show you the video that comes with it," I said, wanting to see the reaction I got.

"Okay," Steve responded with eagerness now.

As we were standing there the door bell rang, I went to the door and it was Joe and Katrina. Dawn was right, they were late. Joe said hi and Katrina just walked on in without a word. 'Stuck up bitch' I thought. Dawn was strolling across the big room from the hot tub wet and glistening.

"Hi Joe, hi Katrina," Dawn said. Joe said hi and Katrina finally said hi. As I said before, Joe was an average looking guy, a very bright up and coming lawyer that had just made partner at his firm, they were about thirty. Katrina was beautiful, she had been a tall model when she was younger and still did some modeling from what Joe had told me onetime. 

Katrina was dressed in cafe pants and a blue silk top. The top was rather thin in weight and laid perfectly against her skin. Her breast appeared firm and erect, about a 34B or C I guessed, the rest of her body was long and shapely. Her well prepared long curly auburn hair flowed around her face and down her shoulders. I couldn't see what she saw in Joe as pretty as she was but Joe did come from money so I guessed that was the attraction.

"Would you two like a drink?" Dawn asked.

"Yes. Joe get me a drink," Katrina said.

"Yes sweaty," Joe replied.

"This way Joe, you know where the bar is," Dawn said as she headed for the bar. 

I looked over at Steve and he was looking from the kitchen shaking his head and sipping his beer. Katrina slowly followed after Dawn and Joe walking perfectly as a model would. Joe was a lawyer friend of Dr. John that had been coming to the parties for a year or so. Katrina was a stuck-up bitch but she was still hot. Steve walked over to me.

I asked Steve quietly, "What's with her?"

"She is a stuck-up cunt," Steve replied. "She dominates Joe when he is around but he loves her. I think she just loves his money personally."

"Hmm," I replied. "Hey Steve, you think her and Joe would be interested in the sex chair?"

We looked at each other and smiled and had a short laugh, neither of us thought that would ever happen. Steve and I headed back toward the patio, Dawn was standing at the bar with Joe and Katrina. I could see Joe cautiously giving Dawn's wet body a few quick glances making sure he didn't get caught by Katrina. 

We got to the pool, I saw that Jack and Karen had moved to the pool and were playing around the waterfall having a good time. Joe and Katrina finally came outside, Katrina pulled up a chair under the big umbrella out of the sun. Joe sat down near her, Dawn pulled up a chair and sat across from Joe facing him.

Steve and I sat down by the grill and watched Dawn, Joe and Katrina. Dawn was talking to Joe and Katrina, she wasn't getting much out of Katrina but Joe was talking, he was catching quick glimpses of Dawn when he could. They continued to talk for a while, Katrina not saying much just looking around. Liz got out of the hot tub and walked toward Katrina, I think she knew Katrina a lot better than the rest. Steve was admiring his wife's wet body as she stood in the sun, so was I.

"Steve, do you know Katrina well?" I asked.

"Not really, but her and Liz hang out a lot, they live just down the street from us."

"What do you know about her and Joe?"

"She treats him like shit when he is home which is not much and she spends all his money on clothes and such."

"What about her kid?" I asked.

"I think the kid was an accident, she has a nanny that pretty much raises the kid."

"Really."

"Yes, she also has a maid that takes care of the house," but almost everyone else did on and off I thought when he said it. 

"Does she take care of Joe, I mean in the sex department," I ask to get a reaction from Steve.

"I don't know, you might ask Liz. I don't know how much Joe gets but I would like to do her."

I thought I might have a hard time getting things going with Joe and Katrina, I would have to talk to Dawn. About that time Katrina got up and she and Liz headed toward the house.

"You two need anything?" I asked as they walked by.

"No, we are going to grab some snacks and refresh our drinks," Liz said.

"You know where everything is Liz," I said.

The two of them disappeared inside the house. I looked back over at Dawn and Joe, she was talking and he was looking. I noticed Dawn had spread her legs a little, Joe appeared to have noticed and was glancing down at her bikini covered pussy. She said something else to Joe and his attention was brought back and he looked up at her. Dawn smiled at him when he looked back at her face to see what she had said. Steve and I watched Dawn reach up and stick her fingers inside her top and pull it out a bit as if she was adjusting it. The top Dawn had on was pretty small and really didn't cover all of her breasts well but she pulled it out enough and adjusted it enough that it got Joe's attention.

"James, I think Dawn is putting on a show for Joe," Steve said.

"You may be right. The poor guy looks like he is enjoying the action now that Katrina has left. Let's see what happens."

We continued to watch Dawn as she would wiggle around in the chair as she talked to Joe, she was acting as if she were uncomfortable. I thought that it seemed odd that Joe was so interested, I figured with his hot wife he got plenty of action but maybe not. Dawn looked over at me and I winked at her. While Dawn was looking at me I saw her spread her legs farther apart for Joe. Then she looked back at Joe and said something then reached down and stuck her fingers in the front of her bikini and pulled it out and adjusted it.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Damn James she is really showing it to him," Steve said. "Does that bother you?"

"Not really. She is harmless, besides Joe may need it," the two of us laughed.

Then I said, "She showed it to everyone after the party that morning, all the women were running around in only robes that were hanging open."

"Wish I had stayed," Steve said with a smile.

"Yeah, there are some nice breasts and pussies among our little group."

Steve appeared lost in thought then said ,"There are few I wouldn't mind seeing."

We continued to watch Dawn put on a show for Joe and talked some more while I tended the cooking.

Jack and Karen had disappeared behind the waterfall, I was wondering what they were up to wishing I could go inside and check the cameras behind the waterfall. It had been a while and I was wondering where Liz and Katrina had gone. About that time the two of them came out of the house. Katrina had on a one piece bathing suit, what there was of it, and was leading Liz. Katrina's suit was green and from the front I could see it was split down to her belly button showing off her cleavage quite nicely. As Steve and I watched when she walked by we saw that the back was scooped out all the way down to the crack of her ass.

"Rather daring for her wouldn't you say Steve?"

"Yes, but she looks hot."

Liz led her over to the hot tub that was out of the sun. Liz got in the tub and sat down, Katrina stuck her feet in and sat on the edge while Steve and I continued to look. Katrina glanced over at Joe, he was still looking at Dawn. Dawn was looking at Katrina when she said something to Joe. Joe turned to look at his wife and then turned back to stare between Dawn's legs. 

I got up to go get Steve and I another beer, Dawn looked over at me and I held up a bottle and motioned toward the house with my head. She bent forward, patted Joe on the leg and stood and headed toward the house, I wanted to hear what was going on. When we got to the fridge I asked Dawn what they were talking about.

"Joe is a quite person but he was telling me that Katrina didn't really want to come but she finally caved in when she found out they could stay overnight and she could dump their kid on his parents."

"Did he say if he had heard anything about the party?"

"He hasn't said anything."

"And what about the show you are putting on for him?"

"Just having fun, seeing if I can get a rise out of him and get him to loosen up."

"Any luck?"

"He really likes to look."

"Keep it up then," Dawn looked up and smiled.

I grabbed Steve and me a beer and Dawn grabbed one for her and one for Joe and we headed back outside. I handed Steve his beer and watched as Dawn sat down in front of Joe again and handed him a beer.

"Steve you bring a suit?" I asked.

"Yeah, it's in our bag."

"What say we get changed and join your wife and Katrina in the hot tub?"

"Sounds good."

I checked the meat and it was slowly cooking, Steve and I went inside to change. I showed Steve to the downstairs bath and I went upstairs to change. I grabbed a skimpy Speedo, I didn't usually wear it but I thought it might be interesting to wear. I met Steve coming out of the bath and he had on a rather small suit also, we headed toward the hot tub.

"Honey, mind if we join you two?" Steve asked Liz as we approached.

"Sure honey, Katrina and I were just talking."

"What were you talking about," I asked as Steve and I got in the tub.

"Katrina was just saying how she liked your house and grounds," Liz responded.

Steve had slipped into the tub next to his wife and wrapped an arm around her, I thought I would sit on the top facing Katrina.

"Thanks Katrina, did you get to see the entire house when you were here before?"

"Not all of it," Katrina said coyly. "I didn't see all of the upstairs."

"Get Dawn to show you around later, or just go exploring on your own. If you get lost I'll come find you," I said with a smirk.

Katrina looked at me with a fuck you look.

"I see your wife is putting on a show for my husband."

"What do you mean?" I asked her smugly as if I hadn't noticed.

"She is making sure Joe gets to see everything," Katrina looked at me and said.

"She's harmless, she forgets modesty sometime since she runs around here naked most of the time, don't worry about her," I told Katrina.

"Hmmp," she replied.

"So Katrina, how do you like your meat?" I said.

Katrina, Liz and Steve looked up at me with a stare.

"Do you like pork shoulder or ribs," I asked while looking Katrina in the eyes.

"Oh, I like either, but I mostly eat vegetables," Katrina replied.

I looked at Steve and Liz out of the corner of my eye. Steve was about to explode, Liz was trying not to smile.

"Good, I think I have plenty for you," I said looking back at Katrina. 

She was looking at me with a glare and then I noticed her eyes drop down to the front of my suit. I knew she was seeing quite a bulge, the suit was just barely big enough to hold all of me in.

Katrina looked up and said, "It appears you do," without cracking a smile.

Then I smiled while looking Katrina straight in the eyes.

Liz let slip a quick giggle, Steve was about to die. Katrina slipped down into the tub and let the water come up to her neck while she held her hair up and then sat back up on the top of the tub. The water rolled off her shoulders and down through her cleavage, she really looked good. Unfortunately, it was just enough to stir up my cock after all the previous talk. My cock got a little bigger, I tried to control it because I knew if it got hard it would stick out of the top of the Speedo. I had to slide down into the warm water and sit.

"Problem?" Katrina asked me.

"No, I am just a little stiff that's all, thought the hot water might help." I said.

I looked at Steve and his face was turning purple.

"I better go save my husband from your wife," and Katrina got out of the hot tub and headed toward Dawn and Joe. She looked damn fine walking away.

Steve began to convulse trying not to explode in laughter. He couldn't take it anymore he began to stifle a laugh, Liz was blushing some.

"James, you're a son-of-a-bitch," Liz said to me but with a big smile.

"Just having some fun. Katrina seems a little stuck up."

"She really isn't once she gets to know you. Give her a chance James she can be fun," Liz said.

"I'll give her all she wants," I said as I looked over to see her standing beside Joe.

That was it Steve burst out laughing as hard as he could. Dawn and Katrina turned to look our way. Dawn looked curious, Katrina looked pissed.

Through his laughter Steve said, "You are a son-of-bitch," and then he and Liz both were laughing.

It was good to know that Liz and Steve were not so stuck up. We all began to laugh and Katrina looked back one more time and we all looked over at her, I guess she knew what we were laughing about. Dawn had made no effort to bring her legs back together. Needless to say Joe wasn't looking at Dawn's crotch anymore. Katrina grabbed Joe by the arm and they headed toward the pool.

Dawn got up and walked over to the hot tub and sat down on the edge.

"What is going on ever here?"

"Nothing, just having some laughs," I said.

"Uh huh," Dawn quipped. 

Then she slowly brought her legs around giving Steve and Liz a big look at her crotch. Steve and Liz's gaze dropped to her to look. Then she slipped down into the water and snuggled up beside me putting a hand on my leg under the water.

"We were just talking about the show you were putting on for Joe," Liz said surprisingly.

"He liked it," was all Dawn said with a smile.

Dawn slid her hand up to my crotch and gave my cock a punishing squeeze, I sat up a little straighter. It didn't help the erection I was trying to fight off when she squeezed it several more times.

"Dawn, I really like your house," Liz said. "Can you show me around later?"

"Yes Dawn, Steve wants to ask about the furniture in our bedroom," I said.

"Oh, okay," was her reply. "After we eat."

We sat and talked for a while, Jack and Karen finally came out from behind the waterfall after about an hour. I was pretty sure plenty went on behind it. Katrina and Joe had moved back over to the chairs under the umbrella. I finally got out and went to check on the meat. After I checked it I told Dawn it was about ready. Dawn asked Liz to help her get everything ready for dinner.

"Food will be ready in about 15 minutes!" I yelled.

Jack and Karen got out of the pool and picked up some towels, Katrina and Joe also got up. While I was finishing slicing the shoulder and ribs they all went into the house. When I went in everyone was seated around the table, the guys were wrapped in towels and the ladies had put on their wraps. Dawn was busily pouring drinks and fussing around. I walked over and set the platter down on the table.

"Your meat looks good," said Katrina out of nowhere, Steve nearly choked on his drink.

"Thanks, it's hot and ready for you."

Liz jammed a roll in her mouth to keep from laughing. Katrina looked up at me and smiled slightly. I had wrapped a towel around my waist before coming in the house and it was a good thing. Dawn looked up at me with a puzzled look.

There was small talk and giggles while we ate. Katrina did seem to be loosening up, Joe seemed to be coming to life, the alcohol was helping. Dawn made sure everyone's drink stayed fresh, I think her plan was starting to work.

We all sat and talked and ate until about 7:00. When it appeared everyone was finished, we all got up and everyone helped Dawn put the leftover food away and clean up. I saw Dawn pull Liz aside and talk to her. While they were talking Dawn looked over at me and gave me a hard stare and then the two of them started giggling. As we were finishing up later Dawn pulled me aside and asked me about all the innuendos I had been giving to Katrina. I told her I was just trying to loosen her up and to see how she reacted. She told me to watch out, I think she was a little jealous. Everyone moved to the big room and sat around on the sofa and loveseats.

"Anyone for a movie," Dawn asked. "We could relax and watch a movie after dinner; more coffee, wine, drinks?" 

Dawn refreshed a few drinks and then came and set down beside me on the sofa, Steve and Liz were sitting next to us. I didn't know what Dawn had in mind when she picked up the remote, I watched as she pulled up a list of movies that were on the computer. She picked 'Eyes Wide Shut' with Nicole Kidman, this was going to be interesting I thought.

"Have you all seen 'Eyes Wide Shut'"?

Everyone said no. It had only been out a while and it was one of my favorites. It hadn't been a big hit at the box office but I enjoyed anything that Nicole Kidman got naked in. Dawn turned all the lights down about halfway as the movie came on. The movie is not porn but it opens with Nicole Kidman standing naked with her back to the camera and has plenty of sex scenes in it that I knew the guys would enjoy and maybe the ladies.

As the movie played and some of the sex scenes came and went, I noticed Steve rubbing on Liz's breast slightly. I started rubbing the side of Dawn's breasts as she snuggled up to me, I glanced over to look at Katrina and Joe. Katrina was paying close attention to the movie, Joe just sort of watched it with a lost look on his face.

Later during the orgy scene at the big house were everyone is wearing masks, I saw Liz move a hand to Steve's crotch and rub his cock through the towel, he became a little more aggressive rubbing her breasts. This was really nothing new, at a lot of the parties there was usually a TV on playing a porno movie if anyone wanted to sit and watch. There had been plenty of times when couples were sitting around watching and getting into some serious rubbing and kissing.

Katrina seemed to be enjoying the orgy scene especially when Tom Cruise, the guy playing Nicole Kidman's husband, got caught where he shouldn't have been. I actually saw Katrina put a hand on Joe's leg and rub a little but Joe didn't touch Katrina.

As the movie went through the rest of its mystery everyone seemed to settle in, I was thinking this might work yet. I noticed Liz's hand had slipped under Steve's towel and was doing a pretty good job of stroking his restrained cock. Karen and Jack were sitting in the other love seat and Karen had begun to rub on Jack's crotch as well. I wondered if Dawn had told all of them to have a good time too.

I had stuck my hand in Dawn's tiny top and was massaging one of her nipples. At one point Katrina had looked around and noticed what was going on. We locked eyes when she looked over at Dawn and me. She held her gaze for a while and then looked down and saw I was massaging Dawn's nipple with vigor. She looked down to see that Dawn was stroking my cock through the towel and then looked up at me and smiled a little and then turned her gaze back to the TV.

The movie was kind of long and sometimes it was slow but Dawn had done well picking it. When it ended Dawn popped the lights back up and Liz jerked her hand away suddenly. I still had my hand inside Dawn's top when she stood up. The small piece of fabric that was attempting to cover her tit caught on my ring. When she stood it hung and pulled the one side of her top away exposing her breast. She got my hand untangled from her top as she stood and turned nonchalantly toward everyone while she fixed her top and flashed everyone a breast. Steve's eyes perked up and Joe finally came back to life. Dawn never missed a beat.

"Did you all like the movie?"

"Pretty good, I hadn't seen that one," Steve said.

"Did you like it Joe?" Dawn asked.

"It was good," he replied.

"How about you Katrina?" Dawn asked.

"It was long but pretty good," she replied.

It was about 10:00 now, Dawn asked everyone if they would like to get out of their bathing suits and get into something more comfortable, everyone agreed. Dawn told everyone to pick a bedroom. Each couple picked a different bedroom upstairs. Dawn and I went to our bedroom. I slipped out of my trunks, my cock was semi hard. Dawn walked over and gave me a kiss and reached and grabbed my cock and began to slowly stroke it until it was fully erect.

"Dawn we have to get back downstairs and you know once you get me hard it will stay that way," I said.

"I know," she replied and turned and walked to the closet.

There I stood with a nice hard-on and she was abandoning me. She returned from the closet naked carrying some clothes. She handed me a pair on silk shorts and a robe. I put the shorts on while she slipped on a long t-shirt of mine and nothing else.

"Is that all you are going to wear?"

"Yes, it's long enough and covers everything up."

I grabbed the silk robe and slipped it on, Dawn didn't grab a robe. There was a knock at our bedroom door, puzzled I walked over and opened it, it was Jack and Karen. Jack was in shorts similar to mine with a robe and Karen was in a short pair of silk shorts with a matching silk top that came down just below her breasts.

"Karen wants to see the chair, can she?" Jack asked.

"Come on in," I said.

Jack and Karen came in and walked over to the chair. 

"How do you have sex on this thing?" Karen asked.

"James said there is a video he would show us."

"Really?" Karen responded.

"We will let you watch it later," Dawn said. "We better be getting downstairs."

When we got to the bottom of the stairs I looked around at the others. Steve had on a pair of silk pajama pants and a robe, Liz had on a long t-shirt also. Katrina and Joe each had on a complete pair of silk pajamas. Damn I thought, she has everything covered up. Everyone had returned to the places they were sitting during the movie.

Dawn asked, "Anyone want a drink or some snacks."

"Sure," everyone said.

"Karen can you help me get the food," Dawn asked. "Jack you and James get everyone a drink."

Dawn and Karen went in the kitchen and Jack and I took drink orders and went to the bar. 

"Jack, make you a deal. You and Karen can have our bedroom tonight so you can try out the chair if you will help me get Katrina loosened up."

"Okay, what's the plan?" Jack asked.

"Katrina has been sipping on Vodka all night but hasn't really drank that much, I have an idea."

"I have really never seen her drink much James," Jack said.

I reached under the bar and brought out a bottle of PGA.

"Pour her a stiff glass of Vodka and ice, I am going to put a little PGA in it that should speed things up," I said.

"Won't she taste it?" Jack asked.

"Not mixed with the cold Vodka," I said.

With that Jack poured a glass of Vodka over ice for Katrina and I mixed in a liberal amount of pure grain alcohol. We got the rest of the drinks and headed back. Dawn and Karen had returned from the kitchen with a mixture of food and set it on the table. They had brought out a large tray of cold raw oysters, fruit and other finger foods. Amazingly, everyone liked the idea of oysters, I didn't really care for the things raw.

Everyone drank and munched, Dawn had to go back and get another tray of oysters they were getting slurped down pretty quick. Small talk continued for about a half hour. The alcohol flowed and everyone was getting loosened up, not wasted but happy. I noticed that Katrina was doing a better job of downing her drink. She had about half a glass of Vodka in her which meant she had downed a lot of PGA. She began to talk more and join in, Joe was still being quite.

"Any one ready for another movie," Dawn asked.

"What did you have in mind," Karen asked.

"Maybe a love story," Dawn said.

The guys all groaned.

"What kind of love stories do you have," Karen asked.

"Pretty much anything you want to see, we have quite a library of movies," Dawn told Karen.

This was starting to sound a little staged. 

"Have you got a love story with a little more sex in it," Karen said.

"Here you can scroll through the movies and pick something out," Dawn handed the remote to Karen and showed her how to scroll through the movie library.

Karen scrolled through the list for a few minutes and said, "I've got something."

She handed the remote back to Dawn. "I'll pull it up," Dawn said and came back over and sat down beside me.

I looked at the remote and noticed Karen had been scrolling through our porn collection. I nudged Dawn with my elbow and she glanced at me and then pushed play and brought the lights down a little further than half way. The 60 inch TV screen was lighting most of the room now.

Sure enough she loaded a good porn movie. We had quite a collection of porn, Dawn and I enjoyed it. When I saw the movie start I knew that it was one that had a lot of action in it with several couples going at it at the same time, it also had some girl on girl action. I was right, Dawn had set this up with Karen, there was no way she picked this movie unless Dawn told her to. Karen must have a little adventure in her I thought.

As with most porn movies it didn't take long to get to the sex. This movie had a pretty weak plot, it was about three couples that met on vacation and they all ended up in the sack together. I thought Dawn was being pretty brave but I was getting excited wanting to see what happened.

Eventually all the couples had gotten together in a cabin by the ocean and had begun to make out with each other. Slowly clothes came off, the women all had huge tits of course. They all proceeded with the opening blowjobs all porn movies have, all three of the guys had big porn star cocks. On one extreme close up I heard one of the other ladies in the room moan quietly as she saw the big cock being sucked. The cursory sucking action continued for a long time then the guys began to eat the women's pussies. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
In the little light that I could see by I noticed Karen was rubbing Jack's chest and slowly working her way down to his crotch. Steve had a large handful of Liz's breast through her shirt. Katrina was looking while she rubbed Joe's leg. Dawn had made a grab for my cock which was now hardening and sticking up in the thin silk shorts.

Dawn whispered in my ear, "I bet they would like to see your huge porn cock." I didn't know where this was going or what Dawn had in mind but I couldn't wait.

The groaning and moaning on the screen got louder, the women were all moaning and appeared to be actively in the throes of huge orgasms as they moaned and screamed. After the first scenes of women getting eat out by their male friends the guys on the screen switched women. The men began licking pussies and assholes with plenty of close ups. In the dim light I could see some tents appearing in the guy's pants, even Joe's, Katrina had begun to rub Joe's cock. Jack had slipped a hand under Karen's top and was massaging her breasts. The ladies were rubbing on hard cocks through the guy's shorts and pajamas. 

This group was amazingly more open than the others at the party had been. I looked down at Dawn and she looked up at me as I gave her nipple a pinch through the t-shirt, she gave me a wink. The oral sex on the TV continued for a while and the foreplay continued in the room.

As the movie progressed the guys on the TV began their usual assaults on the women's pussies with their big cocks. The women screamed and yelled to be fucked harder as goes on in every porn movie, all acting like this was the first time they had been fucked. There were plenty of close ups of cocks sliding in and out of pussies. I looked down and saw that Dawn was fingering her clit through the t-shirt, I was amazed. 

I looked at Karen and Jack and saw Karen look at Dawn and smile, I was wondering what these two were up to. I watched as Karen took her hand and slid it inside her silk shorts and began fingering herself. In the dim light I had to look hard to see what was going on but I could see glimpses as the brightness of the scenes came and went on the TV.

These two were trying to get the others going. I saw Jack look down and watch his wife fingering herself, he leaned over and pulled Karen's lips to his and gave her a deep long kiss. I looked and could see that Steve was watching Karen finger herself. Liz was intent on watching the movie while she stroked Steve's cock. Steve turned back toward Liz and slowly slid his under her long t-shirt, Liz was startled. She looked around to see if anyone was looking. Katrina and Joe were in the love seat beside them, she looked toward me and I let her know I was looking. Liz looked up at Steve and whispered something then she looked around and saw that Dawn and Karen were fingering their own pussy and she seemed to relax. Liz spread her legs some to give Steve better access. After a while I thought I was hearing some moans that weren't coming from the TV.

On the TV, the women were starting to scream they were coming and so were the guys. Everyone looked up as the camera showed the typical money shots. One guy had pulled out and was squirting cum on one of the chicks huge tits then there was another guy squirting a redhead in the face pumping plenty of cum on to her. The third guy had pulled out and was shooting his cum all over a blonde's bald pussy and belly. The women with the cum dripping off her face took her finger and wiped it away and stuck it in her mouth. She continued to clean and lick cum off her face for a few minutes. I looked over at Karen, she had several of her fingers stuck in Jack's mouth, he was sucking her juices off her fingers.

I looked at Katrina and noticed she had slipped a hand up to one of her breasts and was massaging it a little through her silk top, Joe was beginning to rub one of her thighs. Slowly the action on the screen changed as the women began to move in predictable fashion to lick the cum of each other. One of the women had moved and slowly licked the cum off the other's breasts, the other woman that had cleaned her face off moved over and began licking all the cum off the blonde's bald pussy. The air in the room seemed to have thickened. Having watched this movie several times I knew this would go on for a while and the licking would quickly turn to each of the women eating each other's pussies.

"Eat me now," Dawn whispered in my ear.

"You are kidding."

"No I need it now," Dawn replied.

"Dawn, that is not going to happen," I told her.

I was surprised that she wanted me to eat her there in front of everyone. I didn't think this group was ready for something such as that.

"Then finger my pussy please, I am so hot," Dawn pleaded.

After looking around to see everyone but Katrina getting their pussy assaulted I realized I had been ignoring Dawn while watching the others. I knew the movie would be over in about 20 minutes and I would get to take Dawn to bed and ravish her but she wanted some attention now.

I reached over and slid my hand under Dawn's t-shirt replacing her hand that had been busily rubbing her clit, she was already very wet. I slowly inserted a finger deep inside her and began to finger her slit. Dawn leaned her head back and moaned then took her hands and grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it up to her waist exposing her pussy to anyone that wanted to see. She then began to rub my cock through my shorts harder and faster, my raging hard-on was making a large tent. I inserted another finger and got more aggressive, I was thinking that if Dawn wanted to be an exhibitionist I would push her over the edge.

As I continued to push Dawn's buttons I looked around one more time. Steve and Liz were no longer watching the movie, Steve was really going at Liz's pussy, Liz was trying hard not to squirm but was losing the battle. Jack had Karen's top pulled up most of the way while he massaged her breast and pinched on her nipples, I could see Karen's breasts as Jack continued. Karen was vigorously working her hand on her pussy. It appeared that every women in the room was headed for an orgasm except Katrina. Even though Katrina was doing a good job of fingering herself through her pajama bottoms now I didn't think she would be the type to let herself go completely.

Minutes went by, Dawn started her moaning as I worked my fingers faster and faster. I was determined now to get her off and Dawn seemed to be really hot knowing she was being watched. I heard Karen moaning next to us followed by Liz.

"Harder," Dawn whispered to me.

I abandoned all discretion and turned toward Dawn and began thrusting my fingers in and out of her pussy as hard and fast as I could. Dawn was slowly sliding lower into the sofa, now with her pussy up to the edge of the cushion and bunching her t-shirt up even higher. About the time the women on the TV began screaming I heard several loud moans in the room. Dawn let out a loud moan herself as I continued to drive my fingers in and out. Now I had three fingers inserted in her pussy stretching it and pushing her farther toward the edge.

"Oh god!" Dawn let out loudly.

"I want you to come hard, show everyone how you squirt," I whispered into Dawn's ear, she sighed with a deep breath. 

Dawn was getting really turned on with the thought of being watched. She moved to thrust her hips up to meet each thrust of my fingers. I knew she would be coming soon I just didn't know if it she would come hard. Dawn reached down with one hand and began to circle her clit with a finger as I continued. Soon I felt Dawn's stomach muscles begin to twitch and jerk, I knew she was nearing the edge. Her juices were flowing as she fingered her clit faster and faster. I pushed my fingers all the way in and began rubbing her G-spot hard.

"Oh James, I am going to come," Dawn let out in a breathless voice.

"Come now, show everyone how you squirt," I encouraged her.

I think the stimulation plus her excitement of doing it where people could see was really turning her on. I began to rub her G-spot harder and faster.

"Ummmm!" Came out of her mouth. "More, more."

As I continued, I leaned forward and placed my mouth on her breast through the t-shirt. Finding her nipple I pulled at it through the fabric and bit down on it.

"Ahhhhh!" Escaped loudly from Dawn's mouth.

Dawn began to twitch harder now. Knowing from experience that she was going to come hard I was wishing the lights were on so everyone could see her squirt everywhere, then I had a wicked thought. I continued biting Dawn on her nipple, I knew that would push her even more. Dawn was fingering her clit with intensity now. I listened and heard Karen and Liz both moaning loudly.

As Dawn began to hump my hand harder, I released her nipple from by mouth. I lifted my head to look around in the dark. Katrina had lain back against the loveseat eyes closed and had slipped her hand down inside her pajama bottom and was giving her pussy a good work out. Karen was squirming madly as Jack helped her finger her pussy while still sucking on her now exposed breast. Liz had slid down the sofa next to us and I could see that Steve had slid his hand under her shirt and appeared to have several fingers shoved up into Liz, working them madly as she groaned and thrust her hips to meet Steve's thrust. All of the women were moaning and beginning to get vocal.

I couldn't resist, with my other hand I grabbed the remote while continuing to finger Dawn, though she was doing a good job herself on her clit. I slowly began to lower the volume on the TV. The screams and moans coming from the TV were replaced by moans coming from the room, no one noticed. I got braver, I slowly began to raise the lights in the room so I could see better. As the women began to hump and thrash, I had the lights up enough that I could see all that was going on. I don't think anyone cared now that I had raised the lights to the point anyone could see well if they decided to look up from their passion.

Dawn was beginning to jerk and I returned my attention to her pussy. I began shoving my fingers in and out as fast as I could as her stomach began to arch up and down. I heard someone say 'I coming', I looked up and Karen was humping hard and jerking. She grabbed Jack's hand and let out an 'Oh my god' loudly as she reached a huge orgasm, Karen jerk wildly. I looked at Liz and Steve sitting on the sofa beside us. Liz was thrashing her head from side to side while Steve was rapidly jamming his fingers in and out of her pussy. 

"Oh Steve, I am coming," Liz said loudly and she began to hump and jerk.

"Now, now, now!" Liz screamed. Then she arched up in one big jerk and began to spasm as Steve drove his fingers in as hard as he could.

I continued to work on Dawn's pussy, her juices were flowing, her thighs were wet and slick. 

"Ohhhh!" Dawn let out. 

I was sure by now that everyone was probably watching her and looking at her exposed pussy as I continued.

"Come now Dawn!" I yelled in her ear.

I felt her pussy clamping down on my fingers as her pussy had swollen so much I was having a hard time moving my fingers in and out, I knew she was going to explode. Her body began to spasm and jerk, any second now.

"I'm coming!!!" Dawn announced to everyone without realizing it.

I felt the first shot of her juices coming out. I pulled my fingers out and used my hand to spread her legs farther apart.

"Oh god!!!" Dawn screamed.

Dawn began squirting copious amounts from her pussy. When Dawn came like this it would shoot out a long way, I watched as she squirted and squirted. With her ass now up to the edge of the sofa she was squirting out everywhere, more and more as she jerked and spasm.

"Oh my god!!!" She exclaimed as her squirts tapered off.

As her orgasm subsided and she went limp into the sofa, I looked up and saw everyone watching what had happened. Dawn slowly opened her eyes, she suddenly realized that the TV was off and the lights were up. She looked around at the faces of everyone, the guys were all looking at her exposed pussy, Katrina's mouth was hanging open.

"Damn girl!" Liz said as she looked at Dawn's pussy.

Dawn slid back up on the sofa while pulling her t-shirt back down. She looked at me a little embarrassed and surprised. I thought this is going to be great in the video.

Dawn looked around sheepishly, "sorry about that," she said with a smile.

"That was amazing Dawn, do you always squirt like that?" Karen asked.

"Uh, most of the time," Dawn replied.

"I have heard about it, but never seen it," Karen replied.

Dawn set up a little straighter, realizing the show she had put on.

"Yes, James loves it, don't you James?" Dawn remarked a little braver now.

"Yes, she is quite a squirter at times," I said and then laughed.

"I would like to see that again," Karen said.

"Me too," said Jack as he looked at me.

Everyone in the room began to giggle and laugh as they pulled their clothes back together and began to relax. The guys were making movements to try and cover their erections.

"Would everyone like to turn in for the night?" Dawn asked.

"We are ready," said Jack.

"Let's go then," Dawn replied.



I didn't really think there would be much sleeping for the next few hours but everyone headed upstairs. Dawn and I followed behind on the stairs. I stopped Dawn and told her about my arrangements with Jack, she said we could take one of the empty bedrooms. Jack and Karen stopped at the top of the stairs and waited as the others headed off to the bedrooms they had changed in.

"You two come with me," I said to them.

Dawn headed off to the other bedroom as I escorted Karen and Jack to our bedroom. Once we entered I picked up the remote in the bedroom and pulled up the video on how to use the tantra chair. I showed Jack how to replay the video and pull up any other movies they may want. Jack and Karen set on the edge of the bed and looked up at the 60 inch TV on the wall.

"You two have fun, and we will see you in the morning for breakfast," I said as I handed the remote to Jack.

"Thanks James," Karen said with a wink.

As I walked out of the room I heard the music on the video began to play. I got to the bedroom we were going to use for the night. When I entered Dawn had stripped down and was lying naked on the bed.

"I need you bad now!" Dawn said.

I stripped down and walked over and lay beside Dawn, my erection sticking straight up in the air. Dawn quickly straddled me and reached down and guided my stiff cock straight into her dripping pussy.

"I am going to make you pay for turning up the lights!"

Dawn began to hump my cock hard. I wanted to turn on the TV and watch the others but Dawn was acting if she was going to try and fuck my cock off. I decide we could watch another time.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 04 Pt. 2|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-04-pt-2|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>You must read part one first, also read the other stories in this series.</I>




When I woke the next morning my cock was sore and I needed a shower badly. Dawn was just stepping from the bathroom drying off.

"Good morning," she said slyly.

"Good morning to you my love. Were you trying to fuck my cock off last night?"

"I told you I would get you back."

"You really put on a show for everyone last night."

"I didn't mean too, I just got lost in the moment."

"I think you impressed everyone. Are you embarrassed?"

"Oh, maybe a little," Dawn replied. "I am going to get you though for turning the lights on."

"I wanted everyone to see you come and you love being watched."

"Well I think they did, thanks to you!"

"Did you hear what Karen and Jack said?" I asked.

"No, what did they say?"

"Karen and Jack said they wanted to see you squirt again."

"Really, do you think she was serious?"

"I don't know."

"I think Karen is a lot of talk and no action," Dawn said.

I told Dawn about the action between the other couples. She said she couldn't wait to watch. She finished drying and put on her shortest silk rob and loosely tied it in the front.

"Get up and shower and come help me cleanup and fix breakfast."

"Okay, be right down."

It was early and I didn't think anyone else would be up yet. I went to the shower and cleaned all the nights sex off. As I stood in the shower with the water running, I was thinking about last night. I was surprised at the way Dawn had acted, and even surprised the others had done what they did knowing other people could see and hear them. I wondered what the next step would be for everyone, would we get an opportunity to see all the others displaying themselves in front of everyone. I turned the shower off, toweled off, shaved and headed down stairs.

I was right Dawn and I were the only ones up. I helped Dawn cleanup the dishes and food left from last night. When we finally got to the kitchen to start breakfast Dawn turned to me and grabbed my neck and gave me a long kiss.

"I really do love you," she said, then turned to start breakfast.

The house was filled with the pleasant smell of breakfast cooking. Katrina and Joe were the first ones down. Katrina was still wearing her full set of pajamas, Joe had on a pair of shorts and a robe. I was disappointed hoping Katrina would have showed up with just a robe like the others had at the party. Dawn turned and said 'good morning'. I noticed that Dawn's robe was coming open in the front. She flashed Joe a good shot of one of her breasts, Joe took a good long look.

"Good morning," Katrina said.

"Did you all sleep well," Dawn asked Katrina with a large smile.

"Yes we did, thank you for asking," Katrina replied with a smile.

Karen, Jack, Liz and Steve came down the stairs later.

"Here Dawn, let me help," Karen said as she went over to Dawn. 

All four of them appeared to have on only a robe tied tightly around the waist. I guessed since they had heard about the morning after the last party they dressed 'appropriately'.

"Thanks Karen, could you get the plates and put them out."

Karen got the plates and set them out, everyone pulled up a bar stool and crowded around the bar. As each person sat down on the stools I watched as robes slipped open slightly exposing more flesh. Katrina and Joe were at the end of the bar, they each took notice as the guys and the women climbed up on the stools. Dawn and Karen began serving breakfast to everyone. 

Dawn and I stood up while we ate, Dawn's robe eventually coming untied and just hanging open. When Karen went to climb on the stool, I noticed her robe had come loose from helping Dawn. When she sat down I got a good look at her pussy and as she sat and one of her breasts was hanging almost completely out. Karen had a really nice looking body.

Everyone finished eating and grabbed a cup of coffee and headed toward the sofas. Once everyone plopped down on the sofa and love seats there was plenty to see. Breast hanging out, cocks hanging out, a few semi-hard. Katrina and Joe were the last to sit. Katrina was taking notice of all the flesh as they sat on one of the loveseats. I thought I would break the ice.

"Did everyone have a good time last night?" There was a pause.

I saw some looks from some of the women, looks like they were hoping everyone had forgotten about it.

"We had a good time," Jack said while he squeezed Karen's leg. "We have got to get one of those chairs James."

"You two enjoyed it then?" I ask just to see what they would say.

"Very much, very much," Jack replied.

Karen flushed a little after Jack had said that, I told Jack how to find them on the internet. 

Katrina said, "What chair, what are you talking about?"

Karen turned to Katrina and told her about the tantra chair in our bedroom and the fun they had had on it.

Katrina said, "I didn't know that's what it was for, I thought it was some kind of European furniture sculpture."

I was surprised Katrina had asked. I couldn't see her and Joe having sex like in the video, I could see me having sex with her on the chair but not the two of them.

"Katrina, would you like me to show it to you?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, I would like to see it again," Katrina responded.

Dawn got up and grabbed Katrina by the hand. 

"Come, I will show you," and Katrina and Dawn headed up the stairs. 

Joe just sat on the loveseat and drank his coffee, I wondered where this would go. Dawn and Katrina disappeared upstairs. Steve, Karen, Liz and Joe sipped their coffee quietly and looked at each other. There was silence for a minute, I think everyone was surprised Katrina was interested. 

"James, if you are going to continue to have sleepover's you need to get more of the chairs," Liz said surprisingly.

"I will look into it. You think everyone would like to try it out?"

"From what I heard Karen say, I want to," Liz remarked while looking at Steve.

"Well we have the rest of the day," I replied with a grin.

Liz looked back at me and smiled, Steve looked at me and smiled also. 

"More coffee anyone?" Karen asked as she stood.

"Yes please," Joe said.

"Just bring the pot Karen," I told her.

Karen walked away to the kitchen. When she returned with pot in hand we saw that she had untied her robber completely. Her breasts were showing and so was her neatly trimmed pussy. She had tan lines around her breast and hips and looked really good. The direction she was coming from meant she was walking up behind Joe, he hadn't seen her yet. Jack and Steve watched as she walked back. Karen walked around the end of the loveseat and turned right in front of Joe.

"More coffee," she said standing in front of Joe giving him an unexpected eyeful.

Joe looked up and then down examining Karen. I knew Karen acted a little wild and talked a lot but she was exposing more than I expected of her.

"Ye...ye...yes, please."

Karen reached out with the coffee pot as Joe held his cup up and poured. I could see Liz and Steve watching to see Joe's reaction. I kind of felt sorry for him, living with that stuck up cunt, I guess he didn't get out much. Karen turned and poured Jack a cup and then came over and filled Liz and Steve's cups and then mine.

Later Dawn came down from upstairs, her robe fully open now. She walked over to Joe and said, "Katrina would like for you to go see her upstairs Joe."

Joe looked at Dawn and then stood up and headed for the stairs. As he walked away we all looked at each other. My mind was spinning wondering what poor Joe was in for. We all watched Joe go up the stairs and down the hall. Dawn picked up the coffee and filled her cup and sat down beside me then whispered in my ear.

"Guys, would you like a surprise?" I asked.

"What?" Liz asked.

"Dawn wants to show you something, but...you can't say anything about it to Katrina and Joe or any of the other couples."

"What is it James?" Karen asked.

"Come, let's go out to the patio and I will show you," I told them.

Everyone got up and Dawn led them out to the patio. In one corner of the patio there were padded chairs and chaise lounges gathered around a large TV that was under cover. I knew I shouldn't be doing this but Dawn brought it up when she whispered to me. 

"You can't breathe a word of this to anyone, no one knows about this." I told them.

"What James, what?" Karen asked more persistently.

"Everyone sit down," Dawn said.

I turned on the TV with the remote and punched up the camera in our bedroom.

"You all must swear not to say anything about this," Dawn pleaded.

"We swear," they all said in unison.

I turned up the volume as the picture came up.

"Oh my god!" Liz said.

Looking at the screen we all saw Katrina sitting up on top of the high end of the chair naked with her legs spread.

"We didn't know you had a camera in the bedroom!" Karen said as she looked at me.

"Yep," I said.

"Joe! Get over here right now and eat me!" Katrina said as poor Joe walked through the door.

None of us could believe what we were seeing and hearing. The women had their hands up to their mouths the guys were looking at Katrina. Miss prim and proper sat on the high end of the chair, legs spread demanding her husband get over there and eat her. She was hot, her tall figure revealed at last, her long auburn hair, white skin, long legs and a perfect set of B tits that pointed straight out. She had dark areoles topped off with large nipples. I felt my cock coming to attention.

"Get over here right now!" She demanded of Joe as she spread her legs further apart.

Joe looked at her then looked up at the TV. We could see the video was on and it was showing a guy with his faced buried up in a blonde's pussy sitting like Katrina was sitting now. Joe got the idea and went over and sat down in the swell of the chair.

"Eat me!" Katrina demanded.

I heard another gasp from someone. Joe leaned forward and reached behind Katrina and planted his face in her snatch.

"Get your hands off me!" Katrina yelled.

Joe removed his hands from Katrina's hips and continued to tongue her.

"Suck my pussy you little shit!"

"Poor bastard," Steve said.

"I can't believe she is like that," Karen said.

Katrina reached down with both hands and forced Joe's face into her pussy as he continued to administer to her. We all watched in amazement as Katrina began to grind her hips and pussy into Joe's face. We watched for a long time as they continued. I was really feeling sorry for Joe, I couldn't imagine living with Katrina.

"Suck my clit, make me come!" Katrina yelled while she continued to shove Joe's face into her.

We saw Joe move his mouth up to her clit and suck hard. Katrina threw her head back and began to moan loudly.

"Suck it Joe, suck it!," Came from Katrina's mouth as she began to hump Joe's face wildly.

Katrina finally released Joe's head as she leaned back and propped herself up with her arms trying to balance. Joe was madly going at her.

"Suck my pussy you little shit. Make me come now!"

Dawn looked at me puzzled.

"Stick your tongue in me and eat me out!"

"Oh my god," said Karen.

Katrina shoved her pussy up into Joe's mouth while he kept going at her. She moaned on and off for a while then yelled at Joe again.

"I'm coming, suck it harder!"

Katrina began to hump his head wildly. We all could see that she was being rocked by a huge orgasm. She humped and jerked a few times while never making another noise. She reached down and grabbed Joe's head and pulled it out of her snatch. Joe leaned back and we could see his face glistening with Katrina's juices.

"Is that the best you can do?!"

Katrina let out a deep long sigh like she was disappointed.

Joe stood up while Katrina was leaning her head back savoring her ecstasy. He untied his robe and pulled it free and let it fall to the chair. He reached down and slid his shorts down and stepped out of them. The women gasped, even Dawn. Joe, the timid pussy whipped lawyer had a huge erection standing out in front of him. That little shit I thought. Joe reached up with both hands and grabbed each one of Katrina's nipples and pinched hard while Katrina had her head thrown back.

"Ouch! What are you doing?"

"I going to fuck you bitch!" Joe let out.

All of our mouths dropped open together as Joe yanked Katrina up from the sitting position by her nipples.

"Oww! No you are not!" Katrina snapped.

"Turn around bitch!" Joe yelled as he spun her around hard by her nipples so that her back was to him.

"You are not going to fuck me you little asshole!" Katrina yelled.

Joe placed a hand in the middle of Katrina's back and shoved her forward hard. Katrina fell over the end of the chair more than laid over it. We could see her perfect tight white ass sticking up.

"What are you doing you little asshole?!"

"Shut up bitch!" Joe yelled and raised one hand and smacked Katrina's ass so hard she jumped and yelled.

Everyone jumped, I thought I heard it all the way downstairs.

"What the hell do you think you are doing?!"

"I have had it with you!" Joe yelled at Katrina.

"Joe stop it!" Katrina was beginning to plead now.

Joe raised his hand again and came down hard on Katrina's nice ass.

Pow!! Katrina jumped and screamed, we all jumped too.

"Oww!!" Katrina screamed.

"Damn, that must have hurt like hell!" Dawn said.

Joe reached down with one hand and grabbed his huge cock and pressed forward so that the head was touching Katrina's wet pussy.

"No Joe!!" And with that, Joe shoved every bit of his cock deep inside Katrina in one movement.

"Owww!" Katrina yelled. "Your are hurting me!"

Joe quickly withdrew and then plunged back in all the way up to his balls. Katrina cried out again. The women watched wide eyed. Joe began slamming his cock into Katrina harder and harder. Katrina was moaning and pleading through her tears.

"Who would have thought," Liz remarked.

Joe pounded Katrina for several minutes at this pace, Katrina moaned with each thrust. We could see that Katrina's juices were flowing because Joe's cock was covered when he pulled out. Then Joe stopped pounding Katrina, pulled his huge cock out and grabbed it with one hand and pressed it up between the checks of Katrina's ass.

"Oh no!" Dawn said.

"Is he going to ..." Karen said.

"Give it to her!" Jack yelled. Karen turned and gave him a stern look.

We all watched the screen as Joe leaned into Katrina's ass, we all knew he had the head of his cock pressed up against her asshole.

"No Joe! Please! No!" Katrina screamed.

"James!" Dawn said with concern.

"He's raping her!" Karen yelled.

"Give it to her!" Jack yelled again. Karen turned and smacked him hard on the chest.

"No he's not," Steve said.

"Please Joe, not in my ass!" Katrina screamed.

With that, Joe raised his hand again and smacked Katrina's ass real hard and in one huge motion he thrust his cock all the way into Katrina, buried up to his balls. Katrina screamed, I knew everyone heard it downstairs.

"He will tear her open!" Dawn said

"She needs it!" Steve said to another smack from Liz.

Joe slowly pulled his cock almost all the way out and slammed it back in. He did this several times then he got a rhythm going in and out.

"Joe please!! No!" Katrina screamed.

We could hear Katrina whimpering on the TV, I was really starting to get concerned.

"You want it bitch, now shut up!" Joe said.

"No...please, Joe...no!"

Joe was pounding Katrina's ass.

"You want it don't you?"

".......yes."

"What do you want?"

"Give it to me Joe!" Katrina suddenly screamed.

"Told you!" Steve said.

Joe started to pound Katrina's ass, long strokes out and thrust back in.

"How did you know Steve?" Dawn asked looking at him.

"From experience," Steve said.

Everyone turned and looked at him and Liz. Liz reached up and grabbed one of Steve's nipples and twisted hard.

"Ouch Liz!" Steve yelled.

"Liz?" Karen said.

Liz's face and chest turned deep red as she blushed.

Katrina began to scream again.

"More, more, harder, harder!" She screamed.

Joe gave it to her as fast and as hard as he could. Katrina began to thrust her hips back into Joe, meeting each thrust deep into her ass.

"Come bitch, come!" Joe screamed.

We could see the sweat forming on Joe's face and chest as he continued to thrust. Katrina reached back and tried to grab his hips and pull him in even deeper.

"Oh Joe, I am about to come! Fill me up!" Katrina exclaimed.

Joe had a grasp on each side of Katrina's ass as he pounded away. Joe quickened his pace more.

"Yes, Joe, yes! Now!" Katrina yelled breathlessly.

Katrina began to thrash around wildly as Joe shoved all he had into her.

"Come in my ass now!"

With one last thrust, Joe rammed his cock in as deep as he could into her ass and held it. His hips were humping with spasms.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!" Joe let out as he humped and jerked in the midst of a huge orgasm.

"I feel your hot cum!!"

Joe began to jerk and hump Katrina's ass as his orgasm shot through his body. Katrina humped and jerked around as her own orgasm went through her.

"I can't believe what I am seeing!" Dawn said. "I can't believe he shoved that monster up her ass like that!"

"He must fuck her in the ass all the time for him to do that," Steve said.

Joe fell on top of Katrina with his cock still buried in her ass. They were both lying over the end of the chair, Katrina moaning as they lay there. We all looked at each other in shock, no one could believe what they just saw. The women began talking to each other and the guys just looked at each other.

"James, I have a question?" Jack asked.

"What?" I said, knowing what he would say next.

"Was that camera on last night?" Jack asked as Karen turned to look at me also.

"Yes." I replied.

"Really!" Karen asked.

"It's on all the time," Dawn said.

"Does it record?!" Karen asked excitedly.

"Yes," I said.

"Can we get a copy from last night?"

"Sure, but was there anything worth watching?

"You will just have to watch," Karen said with a seductive smile.

"Okay, but no one else can know please," I said to Karen and Jack.

"Great!" Karen squealed and clapped her hands.

"Hey Karen?" Liz asked.

"Yes Liz," Karen said turning to look at Liz.

"Can Steve and I have a copy?"

Karen turned and looked at Jack.

"Why not," Jack said.

"Great!" Liz replied.

Everyone turned and looked back at the TV, Joe and Katrina were gone.

"Where did they go?" Liz said.

"Oh shit!" Dawn said as she looked into the house and saw them coming down the stairs. "Quick, hit the pool!"

I switched off the TV as everyone headed toward the pool shedding their robes without thinking and diving in, I was the last one in. Everyone came up and started laughing as they realized that everyone was now naked. Dawn had the right idea because this would hide all the guy's huge hard-ons. Everyone continued to laugh as Joe and Katrina appeared poolside. They had their robes on and that was all they were wearing though Katrina's was tied around her waist.

"What's going on!?" Katrina asked.

"Just having fun!" Dawn said as she pulled herself up on the side of the pool and sat on the side.

"Did you two have a good time?" Dawn asked.

"Yes we did, it was interesting," Katrina said. Joe was back to his quite self.

All the guys and women were looking at Dawn sitting in the morning sun with water droplets glistening on her tanned body, I think Dawn had a momentary lapse of memory.

"Why don't you two join us?" Steve asked.

"Let's join them Joe."

Katrina and Joe walked around to the steps. As Katrina walked away I could see cum running down the inside of her legs, I think the others saw it also. When they reached the stairs Katrina untied her robe and dropped it to the ground. We all got to see Katrina again now standing in the sun naked. She slowly stepped down the stairs and into the pool. As she reached the bottom stair the water was up to just under her pussy lips.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Come on in Joe," Katrina prompted.

Joe untied his robe and walked down the stairs into the pool. His cock was now spent and wilted, everyone looked, even wilted it was still impressive. Joe joined Katrina and they walked toward everyone else in the pool. Even though the water was cool I could feel my cock getting erect looking at Katrina.

By late morning we were all playing in the pool or sitting on the edges completely naked. Jack and Karen had split up and Jack was sitting on the pool edge next to Liz talking and Karen was standing next to Steve in the pool talking to him. Dawn was lying in the sun on the pool deck near Jack and Liz listening to them.

Surprisingly Katrina and Joe had come over and were standing by me and talking. I could still feel my cock hardening as I looked at Katrina in the water. She knew I was looking but continued to talk to me and smile. 

Then Katrina asked sheepishly, "Tell us where to get the chair again."

I told them how to find it on the internet, Katrina looked at Joe and smiled.

Joe looked up and said, "Thanks James."

Then Katrina leaned forward and gave me a peck on the cheek and said, "Yes, thanks."

As Katrina leaned forward she reached under the water and grabbed my cock. I jumped a little as she squeezed and held my cock. She finally released it then she and Joe swam away to the other side of the pool. I couldn't believe she did that. I was beginning to really think there was much more to her than anyone knew.

I looked over at Dawn, Liz was leaning back talking to her. As Liz leaned back her legs spread open and I could see her nicely shaved pussy. Jack had turned his head and was looking straight down at it, I kept waiting to see if he was going to touch her. Dawn setup and then began to get up. Liz rolled and stood up next to Dawn still talking, they walked over to Steve and Karen. I heard Liz tell Steve to come with her and Dawn. Steve pulled himself up out of the pool and followed Liz and Dawn.

Dawn looked at me and motioned for me to get out of the pool. I hesitated a moment because my cock was still hard from Katrina's grab. I swam toward the stairs hoping my erection would go down before I got out. When I reached the steps I stood in the water and asked Dawn what she needed.

"I want you to take Steve and Liz up to our bedroom."

"And do what with them?" I stalled.

"James. They want to see," Dawn said with a smile.

"Want to see what?

"Take them upstairs and let them watch the video."

"Okay. Let's go guys," as I cautiously climbed up the steps.

My erection had subsided some but my cock was still swollen. As I reached the top of the steps Liz looked down at my cock.

"Another one of you, keep that thing away from me," Liz teased.

"Only if you ask nicely."

Liz looked at me and gave me a seductive look.

"If I'm not back in an hour, don't come looking for me," I said.

Dawn smacked me on the ass as I walked away.

Steve and Liz followed me in the house and up the stairs. When we reached the bedroom you could smell the musky scent of sex in the air from earlier.

"You guys have a seat on the bed," I said as I got the remote.

As I was pulling up the demonstration video, Liz asked, "You are not going to show this downstairs are you?"

"Not unless you want me too."

"Please don't James," Liz pleaded.

"No problem," I said, "but Dawn and I will watch it later."

"You sure you want show it?" 

"I promise," I said as I started the video for them.

The video began playing. Liz and Steve looked up as it started.

"James, are you going to record us?" Liz asked.

"It is always recording."

"Can you make us a copy to take home?" Steve asked.

"I can, but what about Jack and Karen, you wanted a copy of theirs."

"Put a copy on their DVD too," Liz said with a squeak. 

"Sure why not, only fair I guess," Steve said.

"Will do. Make sure you hang around after Katrina and Joe leave, it will take me a few minutes. Do you guys need me to stay and help?"

"Maybe next time," Liz said with her seductive smile again.

"You two have fun and come back downstairs when you are ready, lunch will be waiting."

They were looking back up at the TV as I walked out and left the door open. When I got back downstairs Dawn was waiting on me.

"Why the hard-on big boy?" She asked me.

"Liz is pretty hot and I hadn't taken the time to look at her and before I got out of the pool Katrina gave my cock a good squeeze."

"Does she turn you on?" Dawn asked.

"Which one?"

"Katrina."

"That whole thing had me turned on anyway and when she grabbed my cock it came back to life."

"You just liked seeing her get fucked in the ass," Dawn replied.

"Yes and she has a nice body too," I said seeing what reaction I got from Dawn.

"Yes she does," Dawn said as she turned and walked away.

We went back out to the pool. We didn't see Jack and Karen or Katrina and Joe.

"Where did they go?" I asked.

"Behind the waterfall," Dawn pointed out.

We could make out figures behind the water.

"Come back inside a minute Dawn," I grabbed her and took her over to the kitchen.

I pulled up the camera behind the waterfall on the monitor in the kitchen. Jack and Karen were locked in an embrace, Jack was kissing Karen deeply while massaging one of her tits. Karen appeared to be reaching under the water stroking Jack's cock. Katrina was sitting on the ledge with Joe, he was leaning over with a tit in one hand and sucking on the other.

"I can't believe them," Dawn said, "I never thought that our friends would be so outgoing."

"Well, you discovered how much you like having people watching you last year, I guess others harbor that same interest," I told Dawn.

"I guess I am not so weird am I?"

"Guess not."

"It appears Katrina is really letting herself go," I replied. "I think there is more to Katrina than we suspect."

"I think this weekend is turning out great don't you honey?"

"Yes, these guys are getting into it. You think all the others will get into it the next time they are here?" I asked.

"I hope so, I can't wait."

"You know not everyone may want to be an exhibitionist Dawn."

"Hey, if Katrina can come out the rest will."

Dawn reached down and grabbed my hardening cock and said let's go back outside and join them.

"I don't want to interrupt them."

"We can find our own spot," Dawn said as she led me out holding on to my cock.

When we got outside Dawn started walking toward the waterfall.

"Don't interrupt them," I said.

"I'm not, just follow me."

We walked around to the back of the waterfall, I knew where Dawn was headed. She came to the stairs in the rocks at the back of the waterfall and began to ascend to the top. People never went up to the top of the waterfall because it was so high and you couldn't jump into the pool from there because the water wasn't deep enough. What people didn't know was that there was a nice large single slab of stone on top.

We reached the top and Dawn told me to lie down on the rock. I lay down on my back; the stone was nice and warm from the morning sun. Dawn eased herself down beside me on the rock. She sat with her ass toward my head and leaned over and grabbed my swelling cock and began to stroke it to full length.

"So, you think Katrina is hot?"

"She is pretty hot once I saw she wasn't as stuck up as I thought."

"Did you enjoy watching her take it in the ass?"

"I enjoyed watching period, the whole thing was very erotic."

Dawn continued to stroke harder and faster.

"Would you like to fuck her in the ass?"

"She looked like she enjoyed it and must be used to it if Joe can shove his large cock up her ass in one shot."

"That is not what I asked?"

"I just thought it was hot and I don't think she is going to let any other guy fuck her anywhere."

Dawn leaned over and wrapped the head of my cock with her lips. She slowly sucked my cock getting me rock hard. 

"Dawn, are you wanting some other guy to fuck you?"

She rose up releasing my cock from her mouth.

"No. I have you."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Would you let some other guy fuck me?"

I paused. Dawn turned and looked at me.

"I don't know, we would have to talk about it if you ever wanted it to happen."

Dawn turned and placed my cock in her mouth and began to suck up and down with earnest. I laid there wondering if I would let some other guy fuck Dawn, after all she had let me fuck Amy.

Dawn had one hand around the base of my cock and her mouth firmly planted as she stroked up and down and bobbed her head up and down. It felt wonderful lying there in the sun with my wonderful wife giving me an incredible blowjob. I reached over and rubbed her ass, it was warm from the sun shining on it. I grabbed her ass with one hand and lifted it, she knew what to do next.

Dawn got up on her knees and brought one leg over my head and straddled my face. Her pussy looked so good with the sun shining directly on it. I pulled her down and began licking her pussy lips as Dawn began to moan softly. We kept this position for a long time mutually enjoying each other. After a long time Dawn raised her ass and rolled off beside my head.

"My knees hurt," she said.

The rock was hard and she had been in that position for a while. She stood up turned and straddled my hips. She then squatted down and grabbed my cock and placed it at her opening and slowly slid down my cock. Inch by inch she worked it in until she was sitting firmly on top of me.

"Feels good, we need to make love outside in the sun more often," I said.

She then began slowly rocking her hips back and forth. I could feel the warmth of her insides, it did feel good. She kept slowly sliding her hips up and down, Dawn knew she could ride me all day this way. After Dawn had done this for a long time she stopped her gyrations and I looked up at her.

"Do you want to fuck me in the ass James, fuck me like Katrina got fucked?"

"I would someday, but you know I wouldn't do anything to hurt you or anything you wouldn't get pleasure from. Do you think you want to be fucked in the ass?"

"I don't know. I would like to try it, but I will have to work up to a cock as big as yours."

"Whatever you want to do honey."

Dawn began to ride me again, this time faster. I reached up and grabbed each of her nipples and pinched and played with them the way I knew she enjoyed it. She rode me harder and faster.

"Oh James, it's so hot out here," Dawn said with a shortening breath as she rode me.

"Your hot skin feels good."

Dawn stopped sliding back and forth on my cock and leaned forward placing her hands on my chest, she then began to raise and lower her pussy. I was always amazed that she could do this with her small pussy and frame. Up and down she went, over and over, I reached up and cupped her dangling breast in each hand, feeling their weight and heft.

"Ummmm," Dawn let out.

I continued to massage her breasts, faster she began sliding up and down my shaft.

"Oh James!" She said as she began to breathe faster and faster.

"The inside of your pussy feels fantastic!"

"You feel wonderful inside me too."

Up and down faster and harder now. Dawn had become an expert at rising all the way up just so the tip of my cock was still in her and then plunging down all the way. Every time she did this I could feel the head of my cock striking her cervix and pushing it out of the way as it slid down the side of the head of cock and deep into the pocket at the top of her vagina.

"Oh James get ready!"

I began to thrust up and meet each of her downward thrust, harder and harder.

"Oh god James, yes!!" She screamed out. 

"Harder James, harder!!" She cried out at the top of her lungs.

I thrust deeper and began to feel Dawn's pussy muscles clamp down on my cock, I knew she would be coming soon.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!!!" Dawn cried.

We got a thrusting rhythm going. I looked at Dawn and she had her eyes closed biting her lower lip. I raised my hips higher with each thrust. I saw Dawn's stomach muscles began to contract as she always did just before her massive orgasms hit. Dawn began to slam herself down on my cock with purpose, harder and harder.

"James, I am about to come, come with me!"

With Dawn's slamming I felt me cock begin to twitch each time Dawn's pussy muscles clamped down on my cock.

"I am about to explode James!!!"

Dawn began to lose her balance as she was beginning to be overtaken with her orgasm. I reached up and grabbed her arms to steady her. Suddenly she started going faster and faster as I met each of her thrust with my own. I could feel my balls beginning to draw up.

"Now Dawn, now!!!" I yelled.

She started to jerk and shudder. I lowered my hips to the rock and she ground herself down on my cock trying to get as much into her as possible. She leaned over and lay on my chest and humped her pussy up and down as fast as she could.

"On god James, her I come. I am coming James, come inside me now!!!"

I felt a large deep spasm in my groin and I began to pump my cum deep into Dawn.

"Yes! Come in me!!" Dawn screamed.

Dawn gushed all over my cock and balls. I continued to dump cum deep into her as my balls contracted. Dawn's pussy muscles were contracting trying to milk every last drop from my cock. As she jerked and shook I jerked and rammed up as hard as I could. She gushed again, squirting all over me.

Dawn let out one long loud "Ahhhhh!!!"

She collapsed on top of me, her hair in my face, her naked body covered in sweat, her breasts pressing against my chest, exhausted.

Several minutes went by while I rubbed up and down her back. She had lifted her knees off the rock and stuck them behind her now lying firmly on top of me. The rock was getting hard but I didn't care. We basked in the sun for what seemed like a long time. I eventually had to roll Dawn off me so I could get some pressure of my ass and shoulder blades. My subsiding cock slowly slid out of her as I gently rolled her on her back. She looked magnificent lying there in the sun.

"Dawn, you look beautiful," I told her.

She looked up at me and smiled. I reached over and tweaked one of her nipples and then slowly slid my hand down her stomach. My hand went on down to her mound and then to her pussy lips. I rubbed her pussy lips feeling the slickness of her juices and mine. As I brushed her lips her stomach muscles would twitch. I slid several fingers inside her swollen pussy and probed around, the mixture of my cum and hers was thick. I probed around for a minute then pulled my fingers from her and brought them up to her lips. She opened her mouth and I inserted two fingers. She reached up and took my hand and gently sucked my fingers into her mouth. I could feel her tongue licking the juices off my fingers.

She pulled my fingers from her mouth and said, "more!"

I reached down and dug my fingers into her pussy again, getting them as wet and juicy as I could. I pulled them out and brought them up to her lips again. She opened her mouth and I stuck them in. She closed her lips around my fingers and sucked them deep inside her mouth as she peered into my eyes.

I pulled my fingers from her mouth and Dawn said, "That taste so good!"

"I'm glad you like it," I said as I leaned forward and kissed her.

"James would you do something for me?"

"Anything," I said.

"Would you taste me?"

I never had a problem kissing Dawn after she gave me a blowjob, tasting myself on her lips, but I had never tasted my own cum as it dripped from her pussy. I looked down into her eyes.

"Please James."

I leaned forward, kissed her on the lips, tasting my own juices and then moved down and kissed her breasts. I worked my way down her stomach, kissing her as I went. As I reached the top of her mound I could smell the musky scent of sex. I moved down between her legs and kissed the inside of her thighs. They were covered in the juices Dawn had squirted out. I stuck my tongue out and licked up the inside of each thigh, all the way up to the edge of her lips. I began to taste the mixture of my cum with hers. I looked at her pussy and could see the cum oozing out. I leaned forward and licked up the length of her lips, from bottom to top getting a taste of my own cum. Dawn tensed and jerked as my tongue went up, I did it again with the same reaction. I went down and jammed my tongue between her swollen lips.

"Oh god yes James!"

I probed deeper, licking the cum out as I went. The taste was musky, my cum mixed with hers. I could tell when it was her juices and a mixture of mine and hers. Each time I probed Dawn's pussy deeper and deeper with my tongue she would jerk again. Dawn never reached down and pushed my head into her she let me go at my own pace. I found the taste exciting, I buried my face in her and began to suck on her lips and clit.

"Oh god James, that's wonderful, suck me harder!"

I obliged and tried to give Dawn the best head I had ever given her.

"Oh my god!!!"

I felt the familiar waves of contraction begin to flow through Dawn. I found her clit with my tongue and began to circle it. Dawn's hips rose up to meet my face. Faster and harder I circled her clit. She thrust her hips up more and more as I buried my face into her.

"James I am going to come!!!"

I sucked on her clit as hard as I could and with one final thrust Dawn's hips came up and she began to squirt in my mouth. I sucked up all her juices as fast as I could, she was coming hard and fast. Finally her juices subsided as she continued to twitch. I licked up the last of her juices, she twitched every time my tongue touched her. I began kissing my way back up her belly until I reached her tits. Dawn reached up and grabbed my head and pulled my lips to hers. We probed each other's mouths with our tongues. I finally rolled off her and laid beside her.

"Thank you James," came a breathless response.

"Did you enjoy that?" I asked.

"Very much!"

"It seemed to turn you on a lot."

"I have always wanted you to suck my pussy after you came in it."

"Why didn't you just ask?"

"Did you like it?" Dawn asked.

"It was good!" I replied.

"I didn't know if you would like it or not."

"It was a turn on for me," I told her.

"Will you do it again?"

"Just ask," and I rolled over and kissed her on the lips again.

We lay there in the sun for a minute.

"Oh my god I forgot about the others!" Dawn cried out. "We better get back down."

Dawn got up and I watched her from behind as she started down the stairs then I got up and followed. When we got to the bottom and came around we saw Jack, Karen, Katrina and Joe sitting in the chairs on the other side of the pool. Whatever they had been doing it appeared they had finished.

"There you two are," Karen said. "We couldn't figure out where you had gone."

Dawn and I walked around the pool to the other side.

"I had never really noticed you could get up there," Karen said.

"Yes, it's our special place. We go up there during the day and sometimes we sleep up there at night," Dawn told them. "If you go up there be sure you take a couple of towels, the rock can get hard."

"Have Steve and Liz come down yet," she asked. It had almost been two hours since I took them up there.

"Not yet," Katrina said.

"Would anyone like a beer or a soda," Dawn asked.

Everyone wanted something to drink, why they hadn't gone on into the kitchen and gotten it themselves I didn't understand.

"The sun is getting hot," Katrina said. "I am going inside, I don't want to burn."

She got up and so did Joe, then Karen and Jack got up and we all headed inside. Everyone got a drink of whatever they wanted and were standing around in the kitchen. It was good to see that there were no more inhibitions about being naked, everyone was apparently comfortable now. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Hey, is everyone going to Dr. John's Halloween party next month?" Karen asked.

"Yes," we heard from everyone.

"Do you think it will get like this?" Karen asked.

"I think this is just reserved for here. We have this big house and it's surrounded by land out in the country. I think we should keep this action for just here," Dawn said.

"Sounds like the best idea," Katrina commented.

"Did things get this wild at the party last month," Karen asked.

"No, not like this," Dawn replied. "Maybe next time."

"When is next time Dawn?" Steve inquired.

"How about the holidays, what about a New Year's Eve sleepover weekend? Everyone can come and party as much as they want and stay the weekend and not have to worry about driving home," Dawn said.

"Sounds great!" Katrina said.

"Will that give everyone enough time to make arrangements for your children," Dawn asked.

"Plenty," Karen said. "Will everyone be coming?"

"Everyone that wants to come," I said.

"Is anyone going to tell the others about this weekend?" Katrina asked.

Everyone looked at each other for a moment.

"Why don't we keep this under wraps for now? Since all of us seem to be having a good time and seem to have gotten over any shyness we can kind of lead the others New Year's Eve if they don't get the idea. Sound good?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, they will be surprised," Karen said.

"They will be more than surprised," I said as I thought about the surprise movie I was putting together. That would be a great time to show it.

"When does everyone have to leave?" Dawn asked.

"Not until later if you don't care," Karen said.

"Yes, we can stay late, Joe's parents are baby-sitting," Katrina said.

"Good. Let's fix some lunch while we wait on the love birds," Dawn quipped.

Karen and Dawn began to get out the fixings for lunch. Everyone dug into the chips and sandwiches like they were starved. The beers began to come out as everyone filled up.

"Here they are!" Karen cried out as Steve and Liz came down the stairs, Liz looked like she had been thoroughly fucked.

"We were worried about you two, did you have fun?" Dawn asked excitedly.

"Yes we did, we have got to get one of those things but we are not sure how to explain it to the kids?" Steve replied as they came down the stairs.

"Tell them it is European, that's what we are going to tell them," Karen said.

"Listen you guys if you are going to have a problem explaining it to the kids and family you can always come over anytime. You don't have to call, just show up." Dawn told them.

"We might take you up on that," Katrina said.

"You wouldn't mind guys?" Karen asked.

"No," I told them. "I will show you where we hide the key to the house and I will give you a code to turn off the alarm and get through the gate. I think we will order some more chairs," Dawn said.

"You guys are great!" Liz said.

"Well, to tell you guys honestly, after we won all the money we couldn't think of a better way to spend it than build this big house for all our friends. You didn't think we built this just for the two of us did you?" Dawn told them.

Karen turned and hugged Dawn. "You guys are really special. We all worried that you would get all stuck up after you won the money but you all have really been cool."

Dawn kissed Karen on the lips and said thanks. Karen pulled back and looked a little shocked at Dawn.

"It would be nice to have a place to get away on Saturday or Sunday afternoon without having to go to a hotel," Liz said.

"You are welcome anytime," I told them.

"We are going to tell the others the same thing at the next party, if it turns out right that is," I told them.

"We will make sure it turns out right," Liz said.

"I don't want to offend anybody but I hope they all have as much as we have had," Dawn said.

"I think that as long as this bunch has been together and what I have seen at other parties it will turn out great," Liz said.

We all talked for a while and finished up lunch, it was about 2:00 in the afternoon. Everyone was tired of the pool and the hot sun and wanted to stay inside. 

"Have you all seen the game room?" I asked, "I can't remember if we showed you around downstairs."

"There is more to this house?" Katrina asked.

"Quite a bit, let's go down stairs," I told them.

It was easy to miss the stairs going to the lower level, they were behind two large doors that looked like a big closet in the den if you didn't know they were there. I headed toward the other side of the room and opened the doors to the stairs, Dawn and I led the way down.

There was a whole different world downstairs. There was a large game room with a pool table, arcade games and any computer game if you wanted to play on another large TV. We also had a theater downstairs, this was where I planned on surprising everyone with the movie. It was built to seat 24 people. All the seats were large leather double chairs big enough for a couple to sit in. There was another large bath down stairs like the one in our bedroom plus more rooms just for storage and other things.

As everyone explored downstairs they commented on the game room. They all explored the game room and eventually ended up fixing themselves a drink at the bar. Steve and Jack ended up playing pool, the girls sat around the bar and talked. Joe was playing one of the arcade games, I was sitting down just watching everyone. 

I hadn't taken the opportunity to just sit and take in all the women's beauty. Now that things had changed I felt I could give them all a good long look, they all looked incredible. All the different shaped breasts, the different colors of skin, nice asses, yep it was great.

Joe had stopped playing the arcade game and was wandering around the big room checking everything out. I noticed that he was checking out the women also. He walked over to the bar to grab a beer and stopped and talked with the ladies, Joe was starting to open up some. Karen walked over and handed me a beer then she sat down on the couch beside me, right beside me.

"We are really having a good time James," she said.

"You are welcome," I told her.

She moved in on the couch and turned toward me and began to talk. It was hard to keep from eyeing her breasts and pussy as she talked. She placed a hand on my leg as she began to thank me for allowing them to come over anytime they wanted.

"James, can I come over sometime by myself, just to get away from the house," Karen asked.

"Sure."

"Are there any times you are here by yourself?" She asked as she began to rub my leg and flirt with me.

"Karen that might not be a good idea," I told her.

"Okay, maybe we can work something out inthe future."

Jack came over from the pool table and stood next to Karen stroking her hair. Karen looked up at him with a big smile, I couldn't help but notice that Jack was getting a little bit if an erection.

"Is that a closet behind those double doors over there James," Jack asked as he turned toward the end of the room.

"No, that is a special room I had designed," I said.

"What's so special about it?" Karen asked.

I looked over at Dawn, the conversation at the bar had stopped when Dawn heard me talking. Everyone had stopped what they were doing and were looking my way.

"Well, it is a getaway for Dawn and me."

Dawn was headed toward me now, her naked body on view for everyone to admire.

"Can we see?" Jack asked.

"Ask Dawn."

"What's in there Dawn?" Karen asked. "Can we see?"

"Sure, why not," Dawn said looking at me.

I walked over to the doors and opened them up. The first thing everyone noticed was that the inside of the doors were covered in mirrors and the room was dark. Everyone began to approach the doors trying to see in. Karen and Jack stepped inside and suddenly looked down at the floor.

"The floor is cold," Karen said since her feet were bare.

"You will see why," as I reached beside the door on the outside wall and touched the electronic panel for the lights and the lights slowly came up to full intensity.

"Wow!" Came out of Karen's mouth.

Everyone stepped on into the room, Dawn and I followed and I closed the doors behind us.

This room had been built as a perfect 15 by 15 foot square cube. The wow from Karen came as she saw that every inch of the room was covered in mirrors. All the walls, the ceiling and the floor, that was the cold she felt under her feet.

In the exact center of the room was a circular bed made up in white silk sheets. The lights were embedded strategically in the ceiling so that the room was flooded with light. I saw Liz grab Steve's arm to steady herself. The continuous infinite reflections between the walls and the floor and ceiling took some getting used to. 

Dawn and I walked toward the bed the rest just stood there trying to orient themselves. They were looking up and down and side to side. No matter where they looked all they saw were thousands of naked people, it was quite disorienting, it was easier when just two people were in the room.

"Here let me help," I said.

The only other thing in the room was a remote lying on the bed. I picked it up and turned off all the lights except for a single small light over the bed. It was a small bright LED light that provided just enough light so you could just barely see the bed.

"Everyone come over to the bed and sit," Dawn told them.

Everyone walked slowly toward the bed and found a place to sit, Dawn had crawled up in the middle sitting with her legs crossed.

"This is crazy you guys," someone said in the dark.

"Is everyone sitting down?" I asked.

I heard yeses.

"I am going to turn the lights back on." I pressed the button on the remote, the lights came up to full intensity slowly.

"Wow!"

Katrina said, "I think I am going to be sick."

"Lie back on the bed Katrina and look straight up," Dawn told her.

I glanced back to see Katrina lying down with her tits sticking straight up. It helped because when you laid back and looked straight up all you saw was the reflection of the bed and yourself except for what you saw out of the corner of your eye. Liz fell back on the bed also.

"This is crazy you guys," Karen said. "What do you use this room for?"

"What do you think?" Steve said.

"Oh!" Was Karen's response.

"How do you guys get used to this," Liz asked.

"It took a while but now it is kind of like fucking with a bunch of other people watching," Dawn said.

"I would like fucking with other people watching," Karen said.

Dawn turned to look at her and they smiled at each other.

I had to admit that looking at all the thousands of naked bodies was a turn on. Dawn and I had gotten used to the many reflections and when it was just the two of us in there it was easier to look at.

"This is way cool guys," Jack said.

Everyone began to steady themselves and got used to the images. After at bit everyone was talking and moving around the room. Liz finally got up off the bed and walked all the way to one of the walls and leaned up against the mirrors with her back to it.

"This is a bit easier," Liz said. 

"How do you heat and cool this room James?" Jack asked.

"Cooling is not the problem since we are below ground, the floor is heated from underneath when it gets cool," I told him.

"I think if I was in here being fucked I would have to shut my eyes," Karen said as she sat back down on the bed.

"You just may have to find out," I told Karen.

"This is still cool!" Jack said. "It really would be like being watched. Karen wouldn't you like that?"

Karen looked at Jack and smiled.

"Well you all know where it is when you come over," Dawn said.

"One question James?" Liz asked. "How do you find the fucking door!"

Everyone suddenly looked around and agreed. They had all moved around since they had entered the room and they were completely disoriented now.

"Maybe I won't show you, I like looking at your reflections."

"James," Dawn said.

"Here, I will show you."

I picked up the remote and brought all the lights down but the one over the bed then I punched the remote. I row of hundreds of tiny LED's imbedded behind the mirrors lit up dimly around the door. I punched the remote again and a trail of LED's lit up in the floor leading from the bed to the door.

"Awesome!" Liz said.

"Just push on the doors when you get to them," I told them. 

Everyone began to move slowly toward the doors. Steve reached the door first and pushed them open, everyone had an easier time getting out when the doors were opened. We exited back into the game room, I left last and closed the doors and turned off the lights.

"That is still cool you guys," Jack said again.

"Come everyone you have to see the theater," Dawn said.

"Theater!" Katrina said.

"Yes, bring your drinks and follow me," Dawn said as she reached for Katrina's hand and led her away down a long hallway.

Everyone followed those two as I brought up the rear. When Dawn opened the door to the theater and turned on the lights everyone stopped to look.

"I can't believe this," Katrina said.

The theater had the same high ceiling as the rest of the downstairs. The walls were covered in special fabric for sound reflection just like a big theater. There were three rows of seats and a front row that was just the one double chair that Dawn and I sat in. Behind it were three more rows of four seats each. As the rows went back each row was elevated about 18 inches higher than the row in front so you could see.

"Damn you guys!" Steve said.

"Everyone come in and find a seat we have time to watch a movie before everyone goes," Dawn said.

I walked up behind Dawn as everyone found a seat.

"What are you doing," I whispered to Dawn.

"I have a plan," she whispered back. 

Dawn walked down to the front of the room where we usually sat and turned to see everyone sitting down. 

"James and I really like this room we watch all of our movies in here. I just wanted to tell all of you it has been a fun weekend and we can't wait to see everyone back here. Everyone sit back and relax and enjoy the show," Dawn announced to everyone.

Dawn turned and sat down beside me.

"What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"An ice breaker, just go with me," she said. "Give me the remote."

I handed Dawn the remote, I watched as she scrolled through the movies until she got to the porn. She slowly scrolled through the list. She highlighted a movie we watched often, it was a well made movie with a lot of couple action. None of the outrageous stuff in other porn movies, just beautiful couples making love. Dawn looked up at me when she selected the movie. Once she selected the movie the lights came down. The 120 inch screen began to lower from the ceiling, when the screen stopped the movie started. It was projected from a projector on the back wall. The sound system came on; it was a complete theater system with surround sound, Dawn made sure the volume was up.

The first scene was a couple riding in the back of a limo. The guy slowly seduced the woman and had her out of her clothes, eventually the couple began making love. The scenes in this movie were hot, it wouldn't take long for everyone in the room to get hot from watching it. Dawn leaned into my shoulder and grasped my cock as the sound of hot sex came from the speakers surrounding everyone, I knew now why Dawn had picked this movie. The action in the limo lasted about 20 minutes. Dawn soon had my cock erect from her stroking.

The next scene that came up was of a couple at home. The husband was coming home from work and the wife met him at the door in very little lingerie. She grabbed him by the tie and led him upstairs to the bedroom. Once they reached the bedroom she slowly removed all his clothes. He had a huge erection as she pushed him back on the bed and then got down on her knees and began to give him a blowjob. There was plenty of steamy close ups of the woman going down on his huge cock and deep throating him. Dawn began to stroke my cock with more intensity now. Dawn turned toward me and bent over and placed her lips around my cock.

"Dawn," I whispered.

She looked up and winked and then continued to engulf my cock. I knew that everyone could see her head bobbing up and down on my cock, I just let her go. I watched the screen as the woman continued to deep throat the guy. I knew this segment was pretty much all shots of the guy getting his cock sucked, it was pretty hot though. Dawn continued to slowly suck on my cock. I turned to see Karen and Jack sitting behind us, Karen was slowly inching her mouth toward Jack's erect cock. I kept watching as she slowly placed her lips around the head of his cock. I turned my attention back to Dawn, she was dramatically bobbing her head up and down the full length of my cock. 

As that scene faded out I looked back and Karen was giving Jack a serious blowjob. I turned the other way and saw Liz sucking vigorously on Steve's cock. All three couples had sat down in the row behind us, I couldn't see Katrina and Joe because they were directly behind us unless I turned all the way around, I really wanted to know if she was sucking Joe's cock.

As the sound on the screen faded away for a few seconds, Dawn gave out some overly dramatic moans as she slid her mouth up and down my shaft. I knew what was coming up on the screen next. I knew the next 20 minutes or so was of a guy eating some serious pussy. The blonde in this section was gorgeous and shaved making the scene even hotter. I remembered that after the scene started slowly he would eventually end up with his face and fingers buried up in the blonde until she had a screaming orgasm.

As the guy started giving a serious tongue lashing to the blonde she started moaning loudly. Dawn continued to suck on my cock until the scene got really hot. Dawn stopped sucking my cock and looked up and mouthed the words 'eat me'. I looked at her surprised. 'Eat me' she mouthed again. 'Okay' I mouthed back. Dawn sat up in the seat and I reached over and spread her legs as I slid to the floor. As I turned slowly I glimpsed back, everyone was watching intently to see what I was going to do. Katrina looked right at me and I winked at her just before I began licking Dawn's pussy, she winked back and licked her lips. As I licked I reached up and grabbed Dawn by the ass and slid her down in the seat so that her pussy was at the edge. I knew where Dawn was going now so I dug in putting on a good show for everyone to see.

Dawn began to moan, a bit too loudly. I forced my lips down around her clit and gave her a little bite, she cried out. I paused and looked up at her, she gave me a stern look but with a smile. I looked over at Jack and he was buried up in Karen's pussy. I could see Steve slowly starting to move between Liz's legs. I couldn't see Joe but I looked at Katrina as she looked back at me. I could tell Katrina was reaching forward and was pulling Joe's head into her pussy. 

I guess things were going as Dawn had hoped. I went back to Dawn's pussy and became intent on driving her to a huge orgasm with my mouth and tongue. I sucked as hard as I could on her clit between jamming my tongue into her pussy as deep as I could from that position. After several minutes, I didn't know what was going on on the screen but I knew what was going on between my lips.

Dawn was starting to squirm, she had grabbed the back of my head and was pulling me into her, she was moaning for real now. I could hear other moans that I knew were not coming from the screen. I sucked hard on Dawn's clit as she squirmed. I slowly slid my hand up and slipped first one finger then two into her pussy then slowly began to stroke her G-spot, Dawn began to tense. Several minutes went by, I began to rub her G-spot more vigorously. Dawn began to try and thrust her hips up against my face as I began to circle her clit with my tongue, she tensed up again. I sucked her clit as hard as I could as I began to slide my fingers in and out of her pussy as fast as I could. I curled my fingers up so that every time they went in and out they rubbed her G-spot more, Dawn began trying to pull my hair out. I could feel the inside of her pussy swelling as I continued, she began to buck her hips against my face.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh god!" Dawn cried out. "Oh god!!"

Dawn came in one huge gush of juices all over my face. She humped and jerked as I licked her pussy lips cleaning up the juices that were coming out of her. 

"Oh shit!" I heard from behind us, I knew it was Karen.

"Shit Jack! Suck harder!" Karen let out.

As Dawn came down I rose up and looked behind us. All three women had a head buried up in their crotches. Each looked to be about to explode from the expressions on their face. I motioned for Dawn to turn around. She turned around and looked at Katrina as she began thrusting her hips into Joe's face. Liz had her head thrown back over the seat grasping her tits and squeezing them as Steve worked her over.

"Shit! Here I come," Karen let out.

Karen was jerking her hips up against Jack's head as hard as she could. I watched as Katrina began to bite her lip and stifle a scream a she came. 

"Oh yes!" Came out of Liz's mouth.

Each woman seemed to be going through an intense orgasm in their own way, each jerking in the seat as the waves of pleasure went through their bodies. 

"Fuck me now!" Dawn said as she pulled me up to a sitting position on the double chair. 

As Dawn moved to straddle me, she said, "Give it to me hard."

I wasn't one to argue now. Dawn placed the head of my cock at her opening and impaled herself on my cock. I could see she was watching all the action behind us as she began to slip my cock in and out of her pussy with her motions. I was sure by now everyone was watching her thrusting away as she looked behind me smiling. After several minutes of this ride I began to hear sounds of serious fucking going on just behind my head. 

Dawn pulled her head down beside mine and in a breathless voice whispered in my ear, "they are all fucking like dogs."

Dawn then began to move her hips as fast as she could. I hadn't seen her fuck like this in a long time, she was really getting turned on watching the others. I wished I could see but I was enjoying this way too much to move. 

I heard several 'oh gods' and a couple of 'shits' coming from Karen. Dawn had turned into a machine. I reached around and grabbed her ass and helped pull her into me each time she came down. Dawn was beginning to sweat, she groaned each time she ground her pussy down on my groin. She looked up into my eyes with madness, sweat running down her face and down over her breasts, she just couldn't seem to get enough. I heard what I thought was Katrina screaming 'yes, yes, yes'. 

"Harder Steve!" I heard Liz.

Dawn began to grunt with each thrust. I could feel the inside of her pussy swelling again as she continued to slam down on me. As Dawn was hit by her own orgasm I could hear plenty of exclamations coming from behind us, I knew that the others were in various stages of their own orgasms. Dawn began to cry out as my thoughts ran to the fact that we were fucking in front of our friends. Dawn and I thrust in unison as we both reached our climax she was jamming herself down on me as I was filling her with cum. I lost track of all the vocalizations and screams.

"Oh god James that was wild!" Dawn said breathlessly as she stopping jerking. "I can't believe everyone else is having sex in the open."

"It sounded like they were all getting off pretty good," I said.

"You should see."

I turned around and looked as others were lying collapsed on top of each other or were in the throes of their own orgasms. The movie on the screen had stopped earlier but no one noticed or cared. We waited until it quieted down and then turned the lights on. As the lights came up, we could see a few shocked looks but they eventually turned to huge smiles. The smell of sex permeated the atmosphere in the room, as everyone looked around and saw each other the giggles and laughs began.

"Another movie?!" I asked in jest.

"I think that was enough for now, some other time," Liz said.

Time passed as various comments and conversations took place. Eventually we all moved to leave, everyone dispersing and locating the various showers around the house. Joe and Katrina went to the large bath in the basement. Eventually everyone ended up back in the big room wrapped in towels. While snacking they began to say it was about time to head home. Couples started heading to their rooms to put on clothes and get ready to leave.

After putting on a robe I went to the video room to make the DVD's for Karen and Liz. It only took about 10 minutes. When I returned to the big room everyone was talking, the subject seemed to be how much of a turn-on it was having sex in front of other people. I snuck the two DVD's in so Katrina and Joe wouldn't see. As I moved around the room I slipped the DVD's to Karen and Liz.

There were lots of hugs and kisses as everyone was leaving to go home. Katrina actually came to me and gave me a kiss and she also grabbed my cock through my robe, I put an arm around her and pulled her in tight for a few seconds.

That night when Dawn and I went to bed we had more incredible sex, Dawn was really excited about what had happened and the fact everyone had been willing to have sex in front of everyone else. Dawn told me she really liked having sex in front of other people and watching. We talked for most of the night about everything that happened. Very early in the morning we finally went to sleep curled up holding each other.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 05|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-05|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
It was late on Friday and Dawn was coming in the front door after she had worked all day with Dr. John on a serious reconstruction case, I could tell she was really tired.

"I need to talk to you," Dawn said as she plopped down on the sofa beside me.

"What's up?" I replied.

"I need to ask you about something." Dawn said as she laid her head on my shoulder and started rubbing my chest slowly.

I knew I was in trouble, anytime Dawn started rubbing my chest and said she needed to ask me something it was going to be something crazy.

"Well ask," I responded wondering.

"I ran into Amy at work today and she was all upset, it seems that her and her girlfriend are at odds."

"What happened?"

"Her live-in has taken a job in another state and she wants Amy to move with her and she doesn't want too. She likes her job at the hospital and doesn't want to move and start over."

"I didn't think they were that serious, I thought Amy said their arrangement was a matter of convenience so she could have somewhere to live."

"Well, for the most part that's correct. The problem is that she only found out this week and her roommate is moving out next weekend and Amy can't make the rent by herself."

"Can't she find another roommate?"

"I don't think she wants to and it's not her apartment. She doesn't want to get into another relationship at this point and her roommate paid a lot more than half of the rent."

"Okay, so what is the question?" I asked wondering.

"Well...I wanted to know how you would feel about Amy moving in with us for a little while?"

I had to stop and think a minute about this. Amy had been a lot of fun when she was here at the party but I didn't know if having her here all the time would work out but the prospects sounded interesting.

"I don't know honey, what do you think about it?"

"I haven't said anything to her yet, I wanted to see what you thought. I thought if she could live with us for a while it would give her time to decide what she wanted to do but it is up to you honey," Dawn said.

I thought to myself that we had plenty of room and I didn't really mind if she stayed here a while, I was more concerned with the living arrangements. Would she be coming here thinking she would have more wild times like before or would it be a more laid back atmosphere, either one sounded good.

"Dawn I have one concern. Amy is a great person but do you feel like having someone living here all the time with us will disrupt the way we live and carry on, I don't mind I just don't want the atmosphere around here to change. If you or I want to hang around the house naked or fuck anytime or place we want will that change if Amy is here?"

"Well she usually works during the day so she won't be here all the time and I don't really think Amy would mind the way we live at all. Besides, I don't think Amy would mind at all us fucking all over the house like we do now...not at all." Dawn replied. 

"How long do you think she will be staying?"

"I thought at least through the holidays, is that okay?" Dawn asked eagerly.

"I guess I am okay with it," I said wondering in the back of my mind if this was a good idea.

"Thank you! I am going to call her and ask if she would like to move in with us then. I think this will be fun!" Dawn squealed. 

Dawn kissed me then ran upstairs to change and call Amy. I had really enjoyed having sex with Amy when she had been here but I was now wondering if it would happen again, especially between her and Dawn. After a few minutes I decided to follow Dawn upstairs and find out if there were any details about this plan that I had missed.

As I entered the bedroom I heard, "...Amy this is going to be great, we will have lots of fun! Talk to you later," and she hung up the phone.

"Dawn?"

"Yes."

"Are you asking Amy to come live with us to have lots of fun or is it to help her out?"

"Maybe a little of both, can't we have some fun too?"

"Sure, I just want to know the ground rule that's all."

"Honey we all had fun before can't we have more fun?" Dawn asked with a puzzled look.

"Sure, I guess we can if that is what you want."

Now I was really wondering what was going to happen, just what kind of fun did Dawn have in mind? But as I thought about it I was really starting to think this might be a good thing. Amy was hot and we did have a good time before.

"When is she moving in?" I asked.

"Well, she is pissed at her girlfriend so I told her she could move in this weekend if that is okay with you?"

"What all does she have to move?"

"She said that all she had to pack was her clothes and a few odds and ends. She said everything else in the apartment wasn't hers."

"Then take the Escalade tomorrow and go into the city and get her things."

"Ewwww! She will be happy, thanks honey!" Dawn exclaimed as she reached up from the bed and pulled me down beside her.

"Let me thank you properly!" Dawn said as she rolled over on top of me and began pulling her scrubs off.

Once Dawn had her clothes off she proceeded to remove mine. Once I was naked she grabbed my cock and began stroking it to get it to full attention.

" want you on top of me," Dawn said.

Dawn rolled over on her back and I slipped in between her spread legs and slid up so that the tip of my cock was against her pussy, she was already very wet.

"Can I ask you something?" I asked.

"Sure."

"You are already wet and hot, tell me what has you turned on."

"I just want you now!"

"Dawn, tell me the truth, have you been thinking about Amy moving in all day? Is that what has you all hot and wet?" I asked.

"I just want you in me now."

"Dawn we always tell each other the truth."

"Yes, I couldn't wait to see if it was okay with you. Are you okay with this?"

"Are you hoping you and Amy get to make love again?"

"Are you okay with that, you seemed to enjoy it last time," Dawn said.

"Did you enjoy it? Do you enjoy making love to her?"

"Yes, is that okay, are you jealous?"

"No I'm not jealous I just wanted to know the truth. If you enjoy having sex with Amy then I am happy."

"Oh great but you know I really do get very excited watching you make love to her."

I leaned forward and slipped about half my cock into Dawn's wet pussy.

"Oh yes!"

"You really do like watching me make love to Amy?"

"Yes, it's very hot."

I leaned further forward and speared Dawn's pussy deeper.

"Ahhhh!"

"As long as you don't forget who satisfies you the most," I said as I pushed all I had deep into her.

"Oh god! I'll never forget!"

I thrust in and out of Dawn slowly for sometime while she began to rapidly build toward an orgasm. Dawn was really horny for her to get so excited so fast.

"You seem to be awfully turned on about the thought of Amy being here," I said.

"And you're not!"

I laughed at Dawn and we continued to make love until we each reached a massive wild orgasm.

After we had recovered Dawn called Amy back late and they made plans for the next day. It sounded like they could get all of Amy's stuff in two trips using the Escalade and Amy's car. I had a feeling this was going to be a wild weekend.

++++++++++

It had been a few weeks since the party with the other three couples. Things had gone really well, they couldn't wait until the New Year's Eve party with everyone else though they didn't know about the movie. They assured us that they would help make sure the party turned out well. Dawn had been calling and emailing all the other couples telling them about the plans for the party weekend for New Year's Eve. She was still working out the plans with everyone to make sure they could come on New Year's Eve which was on a Friday and stay until late Sunday.

Everyone seemed very excited about the plan for the party. Since it was October we wanted to give everyone plenty of time to make arrangements. We all usually had a big New Year's Eve party every year anyway we were just going to make a weekend out of it. We had partied at hotels before and everyone stayed the night so this wasn't going to be a big deal except for the plans Dawn seemed to be secretly making.

++++++++++

Dawn was up with the sun Saturday morning, I continued to try and sleep. 

"Do you want to come?"

"Do you need me?" I asked.

"Probably not sleepy head," Dawn said as she jumped on the bed and bounced up and down.

I opened my eyes to look at Dawn, her breasts were bouncing up and down as she jumped on the bed, I never tired of seeing her perfect body.

"Do you need me to go with you, I will if you want me to?"

"We'll get the small stuff this morning and I will see if I need you for any big stuff, okay," Dawn replied.

"I have some big stuff right here if you can't find any at her place."

"I'll save that for later," Dawn said as she stopped bouncing and reached over and grabbed my cock through the sheets.

Dawn hopped off the bed and headed for the bathroom, when I heard the shower come on I rolled over and went back to sleep.

When I woke up later the house was quite. I got up and showered and went downstairs to fix myself some breakfast. It was after 11:00 when I finished cleaning up from breakfast. I was beginning to wonder if Dawn and Amy did need some help. It was a little over 30 minutes to Amy's apartment and Dawn had been gone since early in the morning. 

I thought slyly to myself that I hoped Amy would be as grateful as Dawn had been last night. I wondered just how much sex would be going on with Amy if she was going to be living here. Would Dawn become jealous...would I become jealous if Dawn and Amy had more sex? I was going to have to think about this and talk to Dawn some more.

About noon I heard cars drive up, I went to the door and it was Dawn and Amy.

"We're here!" Dawn exclaimed as her and Amy approached the door.

"Hi James," Amy said as she walked up.

"Hi Amy," I replied as Amy walked to me and reached up and gave me a kiss.

"I really want to thank you and Dawn for this," Amy said, "I appreciate it more than I can show."

I couldn't help but think, 'I hope you really try to show it'.

"James help us unload the cars and take things to Amy's room," I heard Dawn say as my mind snapped back.

Amy's room, that sounded so odd. I wondered which bedroom Dawn was going to give her, one downstairs or one of the upstairs bedrooms. I soon found out as Dawn headed upstairs with a box of Amy's stuff with Amy following her with another box. I grabbed a box from the car and followed.

Dawn was putting Amy in the bedroom across from ours. It was the largest of the other bedrooms upstairs with a full bath like our bedroom and plenty of room. We spent about an hour hauling boxes in and getting Amy settled. Dawn said they would need to make one more trip with the truck to get everything but wanted to have lunch first.

"What took you so long?" I asked.

"We had to go find some boxes for everything and then pack her stuff," Dawn said.

"Anything else?" I asked.

"Well, Rachael and Amy had a big fight," Dawn told me.

"Are you okay Amy?" I asked.

"Yes, she was just pissed I was moving out so suddenly...she was hoping to talk me into going with her," Amy told us.

"As long as you are okay," I told her.

"I'm okay, Rachel really wanted me to go with her but I wasn't going to do that."

"Were you two that serious?" I asked.

"Rachel seemed to think so."

I had to wonder just how much Amy was involved with Rachel and how much she was using her for a place to live.

The weather was still warm, I was a little shocked at the way the two of them were dressed, but then little shocked me anymore. Dawn had on a really short pair of blue jean cut off shorts and a halter top. Amy had on a pair of skin tight white shorts and a halter top too. Amy's D breasts were spilling out of the top and Dawn's ass was hanging out of her shorts nicely. I watched in awe as the two of them fussed around the kitchen making lunch. I told them I had just ate so they fixed themselves lunch while I sat at the bar and watched.

"Did you need my help?" I asked.

With her back turned to me Dawn said, "No, there were a couple of nice college guys that were happy to help us."

"I bet they were."

Dawn turned and looked at me and smiled. They picked up the plates they had prepared and sat down on the other side of the bar facing me. I was admiring Amy's long red hair, it was a nice color of red, not real dark, more of that nice natural looking red.

"I really don't know how I will repay the two of you," Amy said.

"I am sure we can work something out," Dawn said looking at Amy with a big smile.

Amy winked at her and then looked at me with a very sensuous look.

"Can you get everything that is left in one trip?" I asked.

"I travel pretty light," Amy said, "I only have a few boxes of clothes left, I am sure the two hunks will still be there and can help us if we need it."

"Maybe I better go with you?"

"You don't need too, we can get everything," Dawn said.

After the two of them finished lunch Dawn said they were going to get the rest of Amy's stuff and they would be right back. They left and I had the house to myself again for a little while. I sat down on the sofa grabbed the remote and pulled up the video of Dawn, Amy and I from the first encounter. As I watched the part where Dawn and Amy were enjoying each other I wondered if this would happen again...no, I knew it would happen again, how did I feel about it? It was pretty hot watching all the sex between the three of us again. What the hell I thought, it was great last time it can only get better and Dawn really seems to like having sex with Amy.

About 4:00 Dawn and Amy returned with the last of her stuff. We unloaded what was left and carried it all up to Amy's new room. I had already found an extra key to the house and programmed a code in the alarm system and the gate for her. About 6:00 it appeared Amy had gotten moved in and settled. Dawn and Amy were in the kitchen getting something to drink when I walked up.

"Amy here is your key to the house."

"Uh, okay, thanks." Amy responded with a look of sudden realization.

"I will show you how to operate the alarm and everything else later," I told her.

"Okay...thanks again you two," Amy said as she wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a deep long kiss before letting go.

I looked over at Dawn after she let go and she was looking and smiling.

"Things are pretty loose around her Amy. The house is yours, you can come and go as you please. If you want to bring someone here that is fine." I told her.

"Just make yourself at home," Dawn said.

"Listen, I want to pay you all for rent and money for groceries," Amy said.

"Amy, don't worry about it. Keep your money and save it, it will be a pleasure having you here," I said.

"Are you sure?" Amy asked.

"Amy don't worry about any money please," Dawn told her.

"Well, okay then," Amy responded.

"Honey, we're hot and sweaty from moving everything we are going upstairs to take a shower," Dawn said.

"Go right ahead," I said, knowing that Dawn meant the two of them were going to shower together and was telling me this to see how I would react. 

Dawn also knew that I would be watching them on the TV so I wondered if this was a test of some kind.

The two of them finished their drinks and headed upstairs. I turned on the TV in the kitchen and pulled up the cameras in our bedroom. Dawn and Amy had just made it through the door when they started peeling off their clothes, Amy looked hot as usual and so did Dawn. They headed toward the bathroom so I switched cameras. They were acting like a couple of school girls as they went in. Dawn went over to the shower and showed Amy how to operate all the shower heads from the electronic panel. While she was doing that Amy reached around her and hugged her, I could see Amy's breast mashing up against Dawn's back. Amy kissed Dawn on the shoulder and I heard her say 'thank you'.

Dawn spun around in Amy's arms so that their breasts were now pressing up against each other. Dawn kissed Amy on the lips and said, 'you are very welcome'. They hugged each other tight for a minute and then got in the shower.

I watched as the two of them washed their hair and then began to soap up their bodies. Dawn reached over and began soaping up Amy's breast. She was rubbing the bar of soap around on Amy's breast and stomach, Amy reached up and returned the favor. In a few minutes the two of them were fondling each other's breasts. 

I watched Amy's hands slowly work their way down to Dawn's waist and then around to her ass. Amy was busily soaping up Dawn's ass as she slid down on her knees. Amy then began washing Dawn's legs, sliding her hands slowly up and down their full length, first one leg then the other. Amy slid her hands up to Dawn's mound and soaped up the little hair she had on her pussy. I watched as Dawn reacted, reacted by running her hands through Amy's long wet red hair.

Amy then let the water wash all the soap from Dawn's body, she leaned forward and started kissing Dawn's belly and mound while rubbing her hands up and down Dawn's legs. Dawn began rubbing Amy's shoulders. Seeing these two beautiful women standing in the shower all wet and glistening was wonderful. My cock was fully erect now and trying to push through the fabric of my shorts as I watched. 

I could see when Amy started licking the top of Dawn's pussy. Dawn tilted her head back as Amy licked and kissed more and more. Dawn slowly slid her hands up to the back of Amy's head and pulled her into her pussy, Amy reached up and grabbed Dawn's ass and pulled herself further in. Amy continued to caress Dawn's pussy with her mouth and tongue.

After several more minutes Dawn pulled Amy up by her arms and gave her a long kiss as the water ran over them. Then she walked over to the marble ledge that was built into the shower wall as a seat. She sat down on the marble and pulled Amy down beside her. Amy slid a hand up to Dawn's breast and rubbed it for a few seconds and then turned Dawn toward her and pushed her back onto the ledge. Once Dawn was lying back Amy grabbed her leg and pulled it up on the ledge. Now with her legs spread she leaned over and began licking and sucking on Dawn's pussy.

Watching the water from the ceiling sprayers running over the two of them through the steam was like something out of a dream or a fantasy. Once again my lovely wife was having her pussy eaten by another beautiful woman. I thought about going upstairs and joining them but decided to leave them alone and just watch. 

I watched as Amy began to jam her tongue into Dawn as deep as she could, I could hear Dawn over the water begin to whimper. Amy spread Dawn's legs wider apart and buried her mouth on top of her pussy. She was really going at Dawn, I could see her sucking as hard as she could on Dawn's clit. She would let up every few seconds and then drive her tongue down onto Dawn's clit, circling it and flicking it as hard as she could. Dawn had reached down and grabbed Amy's head trying to pull it as hard into her pussy as she could.

Amy slowly slid a hand up and began to use her fingers to spread Dawn's lips open so she had better access to her clit. With her pussy lips pried apart exposing her clit Amy drove her mouth down on top of it and began to suck. Dawn reached up with both hands and grabbed her own breasts, as Amy continued Dawn rubbed her breasts and eventually began to squeeze her nipples. I could tell that Dawn was nearing her orgasm as she began to arch her belly up and down. 

Dawn began to pinch and twist her nipples as Amy continued her onslaught of her pussy. She began trying to raise her hips to meet Amy's mouth then she began to whip her head from side to side as she bucked. I heard her cry out loudly then she reached down and grabbed the back of Amy's head and pushed it into her pussy as she began to buck her hips up wildly. Dawn screamed out again as she pulled harder on Amy's head trying to pull her own head and shoulders up as she was hit by her orgasm. She flopped back down on the ledge as she pulsed and jerked. I could tell she was getting hit with wave after wave of contractions from her orgasm.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Dawn eventually had to use her hands to remove Amy's head from her clit. Amy crawled up slowly kissing her way up Dawn's stomach until she reached her breasts. Amy paused as she kissed Dawn's breast, first one then the other. Amy pulled each nipple into her mouth for a few seconds and then released it and then she kissed her way up Dawn's neck and when she reached her mouth kissing her deeply on the lips. The two of them rubbed their breast together and kissed for several minutes then parted slowly and Amy stood up.

"We better get back downstairs," Amy said.

Dawn got up and the two of them finished rinsing off. Dawn turned the shower sprayers off as she exited the shower. She grabbed a large towel and handed it to Amy and then she grabbed one for herself. They took their time drying each other off then exited the bathroom and went into the bedroom. Dawn went to the closet and brought out two short silk robes. As they slipped into the robes I suddenly realized I had a huge hard-on in my shorts. I turned off the TV and headed for the sofa to sit down before the girls came downstairs. I turned the TV to a college football game. I knew Dawn would know I had been watching them but I didn't want Amy to know that I was such a voyeur yet.

I heard Dawn and Amy talking as they came down the stairs behind me. They rounded the end of the sofa and Dawn sat on one side of me and Amy on the other.

"What are you watching honey?" Dawn asked.

"Flipping through the football games," I said.

"Sure you are," Dawn said as she reached over and grabbed my still erect cock.

"Amy you do remember what I told you about the cameras all over the house don't you, I am sure the perv here was watching us shower," Dawn said.

"I remember," Amy said with a big smile.

"Amy the cameras in the house are motion activated so they record everything inside and outside the house, is that going to bother you?" Dawn asked.

"No, not at all," Amy replied.

"I will show you how to turn them off in your room if you want," Dawn told Amy. "I will have to show you how to operate everything in the house since it is all electronic."

"Okay."

"So, did you watch?" Dawn asked me as she squeezed my hard cock though my shorts.

I looked at her and said, "A little, do you two mind?"

"I don't care, do you mind Amy?" Dawn asked.

"No, I don't mind, I think it is cool the way you can see everything in the house," Amy replied. 

"You won't mind if we watch you?" Dawn asked.

"You won't mind if I watch you guys fuck?"

Dawn looked at me and smiled and then we all laughed.

"Not at all."

So Dawn was going to show Amy how to run the cameras, I guess she had to since she was going to be living here. I was glad to see Amy didn't mind, I couldn't wait to see Amy's reactions when I showed her the surprise movie we were working on.

"Honey, it appears you were watching more than a little," Dawn said as my mind returned to the moment. 

"Do I need to take care of this for you," Dawn said as she stroked my cock through my shorts.

"Well, you two did look awful good all wet and soapy. The sight of two beautiful women together was exciting."

"I'm glad you still enjoy it, you will have to join us next time," Amy said. 

I looked at Amy and smiled, she winked back at me. Dawn then took her hand and reached up inside the leg of my shorts and grabbed my cock firmly and began to stroke it more. As Amy watched Dawn eventually took her hand out stood up and grabbed the top of my shorts and pulled them down to my knees and off my legs, my hard cock sprang to full attention. Dawn untied her robe pulled it open and then straddled my lap and reached down and grabbed my cock and placed the head at the entrance to her still wet pussy. She used her hand to slide the head of my cock up and down her pussy lips getting the end nice and wet. She placed the head at her opening and slowly began to slide down, inserting first the tip and then the head into her already slick swollen pussy. She slowly worked my cock in and out of her pussy lubricating it more with each movement until she had most of it inside her. She repositioned herself and then lowered herself all the way down taking every each of my erection into her.

Amy was watching my cock slide into Dawn. I looked over at her and she looked at me and smiled. Dawn began to pump herself up and down the length of my shaft as she placed her arms around my neck. Dawn wanted my cock inside her bad. As she got wetter and I got slicker Dawn began to increase her speed. Faster and faster she pumped while I just sat there and enjoyed. 

Dawn was lost in the moment, I looked at her and she had her eyes closed while her hips continued to pump my cock. She had a good fast rhythm going now; she was slowly working her way toward another orgasm. I could tell she was in ecstasy while I was wondering what was going through her mind. I turned my head to look at Amy, she was watching as Dawn's pussy lips pulled out as she slid up my cock and then they disappeared as she slid all the way down to my balls.

I felt Dawn's pussy muscles began to clamp down on my cock. Every once in a while Dawn got into this mood where she just wanted to fuck me. She wouldn't let me do anything she would just climb on top of me and fuck me hard until we both had a huge orgasm. This was going to be one of those times. 

As her pussy muscles began to contract she began moving as fast as she could moaning louder and louder with each thrust. While still holding my neck she leaned back as far as she could changing the angle that my cock was penetrating her then she turned her head and looked over at Amy. Dawn increased her pace as she remembered we were sitting next to Amy.

I could feel my cock going deeper and deeper into to her. Dawn threw her head back and kept moaning louder with each thrust, I could feel my balls began to rise and tighten. I didn't say anything to Dawn because she was absorbed in getting off when she did this. Harder and harder she came down on me, I could see from the expression on her face that she must be nearing her orgasm. She bit down on her lower lip and continued to thrust herself down on me, I didn't try to meet her movements I just sat and watched.

Dawn began to jerk as she thrust down, I could feel her pussy muscles starting to spasm and squeeze my cock. I knew I was about to come deep inside her but I held off until I knew she was in the middle of her own orgasm. As she humped and jerked and jammed herself down on me she jammed herself all the way down and held it as her orgasm hit her. 

After the first wave she began to grind her pussy down on my cock. She arched her stomach up as she came hard and I released all I had into her depths. She moaned and twitched as my hot cum filled her insides. Dawn jerked a few more times and a huge contraction shot through her body. She sat up straight and began to pump her pussy up and down my length again then stiffened again and pulled herself down onto me twitching and jerking as she pulled my head between her breasts.

"Oh god!" Was all she said as she continued to squeeze me with her arms and with her pussy.

A few more twitches and jerks and I wrapped my arms around her as she went limp in my lap.

"Ummmmm," escaped from Dawn.

As usual Dawn sat there for a long time. When she did this I always felt deep love for her knowing that she knew anytime she just wanted to please herself she could.

"Oh James thank you," Dawn said breathlessly into my ear.

"My plesure."

We held each other tightly a little longer, then Dawn sat up.

"Sorry Amy, we didn't mean to leave you out," Dawn said to Amy.

"You didn't leave me out, just watching was hot enough," Amy said as we both looked at her and saw that she was just sliding several fingers out of her pussy.

Amy's alabaster skin was all flush and her fingers and pussy were all covered with her juices, I guess she had enjoyed the show. I could feel my erection subsiding even while I was still inside Dawn's hot pussy. Dawn slid back and forth a couple of times and then leaned forward and kissed me.

"Amy do you really like watching?" Dawn asked.

Amy looked at us for a moment.

"Yes I do, I have never really had the opportunity to just watch."

"Have you ever just watched two other women make love?" Dawn asked.

"Not in real life, just on TV."

"Do you think that is something you would like to watch?"

What a minute I thought, where was Dawn going with this?

"Yes I would."

Dawn looked back into my eyes and smiled.

Dawn turned back toward Amy and said, "Your turn."

"Really Dawn! That looked like something special between you two," Amy replied.

"Sometimes I just want to fuck James' huge cock like that. He always lets me do what I want and take as long as I want. James you'll let Amy do the same thing want you?"

"Sure, anytime," I said.

"Your turn then Amy if you can get him hard again," Dawn said.

With that Dawn leaned back pulled her robe off and let it fall to the floor. Then she rose up on her knees and turned and laid down on her back on the sofa beside me with her legs spread. Amy and I could see the cum running out of her pussy. Just the thought of fucking Amy again was beginning to get my spent cock's attention.

Amy pulled her robe open and let it fall behind her and said, "I think I can get him hard again."

I had forgotten just how good Amy looked while she stood in front of me now naked.

Amy got down on her knees and for several minutes slowly licked our combined juices off my legs and cock. Once she had cleaned up everything she wrapped her lips around my half hard cock and sucked it into her mouth. She then brought one hand around and began massaging my balls. I looked at Dawn, she was watching Amy and had one finger slowly circling her clit. As I felt the warmth of Amy's mouth on my cock for several more minutes I slowly began to get hard again. Amy began to suck harder as I slowly came back to attention. After several more minutes I was fully erect again and Amy slipped her lips off my cock.

Amy stood up in front of me and eased forward as she straddled my hips while I looked down as she grabbed my cock. The patch of red hair she had over her pussy was fascinating. I watched as she eased forward and placed the head of my cock between her pussy lips. As she rose up to get the best angle her breasts rubbed my face and pulled my head back up. I wanted to grab her breast and take one into my mouth but I decided to let her just fuck me like Dawn had. 

As she got into position she began easing herself down on my cock, she was nice and wet from where she had been playing with herself. She pushed down and got to about the half way point and she waited a minute. I could feel my massive cock stretching her tight pussy once again. She slid down several more inches and I could feel the head sliding further into her tunnel. I looked up at her and she had her eyes closed. She slowly withdrew several inches of my cock from her pussy and then pushed back down again. Again I felt the resistance but she had a few more inches to go if she wanted it all. 

Amy continued to ease up and down slipping down a little further each time as her insides stretched to accommodate all of me. One last withdrawal and then she slid all the way down moaning a little as she took in the last inch. Amy sat there tilting her head forward laying it up against my forehead.

"Ummmmm," escaped from Amy.

Slowly she began to move her hips ever so gently loosening herself up. Amy's pussy was tighter than Dawn's and it just felt so different, it was incredibly hot and tight. Amy continued to move her hips as she was getting more comfortable with me inside her. She placed her arms around my neck and opened her eyes and looked deeply into mine; I can't explain the look that was in her eyes. Amy leaned back, I looked at Dawn she looked back up at me and smiled, she had slid a couple of fingers inside of herself. I looked down at Amy's perfect breasts, she had the largest areoles I had ever seen as they began to swell and fill with blood. Amy's large nipples were sticking out, I wanted to suck on them bad.

"Ahhhh!" Amy let out as she began to raise and lower her hips.

Amy kept her hands clasped behind my neck as she continued to ride up and down. Sometimes when Dawn was doing this I felt like I was just a huge dildo for her but that was fine with me, I would do anything to please her and now Amy. The thought of another woman wanting to use my huge cock as a dildo was really amazing. Amy's pace increased steadily until she was riding me hard. Having just come in Dawn I knew it would take a lot to get me to come again and I hoped Amy would get herself and me off.

"Ahhhhhhh", came from Amy's mouth with a gasp.

I could tell Amy was in for the long haul because she had a good steady pace going and did not appear to be letting up. I looked down and saw my cock sliding in and out of her pussy, pulling the lips out as she slid up and watching as they disappeared inside her when she came down. She was so tight, the friction was great. Amy continued her pace for a very long time. I looked over as Dawn had one hand fingering her clit while she had several fingers of the other hand driving in and out of her pussy.

Amy tightened her hold around my neck and pulled herself up to me pressing her breasts into my chest. She began to thrust harder now with more speed, I could feel her grinding her clit against me with each stroke. Amy moaned softly as she pressed on toward her own orgasm. She had a good steady hard rhythm going now, one that would bring any man to orgasm instantly. I was going to let her find out just how long I could fuck her.

I looked over at Dawn again and she was watching intently while she fingered herself. She looked at me and licked her lips very seductively. I winked at her and she winked back and mouthed 'fuck her good'.

I looked back down at Amy's now bouncing breasts wanting to grab them but wanting Amy to do everything herself. Amy groaned a little and I looked up to meet her emerald green eyes looking into mine again. Amy's mouth was hanging open as she continued to breathe harder. The look in her beautiful eyes was far off and distant as she stared while she thrust her hips into my groin. Amy began to deliberately jam her pussy into my groin as she looked into my eyes. She continued to stare into my eyes for several more minutes while she swiveled her hips driving my cock deeper and deeper into her.

I could feel Amy's muscles began to clamp down around my cock, a look of desperation now appearing in her eyes. I wasn't sure I would know when she was in her first throes of an orgasm but she had been fucking me for a long time. Faster she thrust against me pushing me deeper and deeper into her. I felt her muscles tighten even more around my cock, with each motion I began to let my own muscles tighten up. 

Amy became an animal now pulling my forehead tight against hers grinding herself down harder and faster. I could tell from her humping and jerking she had to be nearing an orgasm. I was trying to hold on so I could come in her at the same time she climaxed. She began moving faster, my balls started to draw up, I held on. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Amy exclaimed.

She began to slide up and down with more intensity, more desperate noises escaped her. 

Then she turned her lips toward my ear and whispered, "James I am coming," just to let me know.

I felt her pussy muscles contract 3 or 4 times hard and then she impaled herself on my cock.

"Ahhhh!! Oh my god!!" Came out as she began jerking her pussy down on me.

I felt my cock swelling as she jerked but I wasn't ready to let go in her.

"Oh god James I am coming!"

I looked at Amy's face and it was covered in sweat, her hair was sweaty and she was almost breathless.

I looked at Amy and she whispered to me, "Please".

I smiled and Amy thrust against me several more times as she tried to catch her breath, I then let go deep inside her. My own muscles twitched and jerked as my cock pulsated and shot stream after stream of hot cum into Amy. A look of sudden satisfaction seem to come over her face.

"Umm, Umm, Umm!!" Came from Amy as she was rocked with another huge orgasm. "Oh my god!"

She thrust herself down on me several times real hard and then collapsed in my arms. I had to grab her quickly as she began to fall away from me. I pulled her in tight as she lay her head on my shoulder then I felt something hot hit my thigh. I continued to hold Amy but I could hear Dawn and knew she was climaxing and squirting all over Amy and me. I looked over at Dawn and she was furiously masturbating herself, she was having a huge squirting orgasm as she watched.

Just like Dawn I held Amy while she just sat there in my lap enjoying the passing sensations of her orgasm. Several minutes went by and I could feel Amy's pussy muscles twitching against my cock. She slowly came back to life as she regained her breath. She leaned back a little and then gave me a deep kiss just like Dawn had and I continued to hold her in my arms.

Amy looked up into my eyes one more time.

"Welcome home," I told her.

Amy fell forward against my chest again.

"Damn," Amy said softly.

I held Amy for about five minutes before she set up.

"Thanks Dawn," Amy said as she turned her head toward Dawn.

"Anytime Amy," Dawn said.

I looked at Dawn and said, "Really?"

"Yes, anytime," Dawn said.

"Well, thanks both of you," Amy said as she slowly slid over to sit beside me.

I was still looking at Dawn when she sat up on the sofa.

"I think we need to establish the ground rules here," I said looking at Dawn.

"What rules?" Dawn asked.

"Are you telling Amy she can fuck me anytime she wants?" 

"You two can have sex anytime you want as long as Amy and I can have sex anytime we want," Dawn replied.

I had to think for a moment, fucking Amy was great and I loved fucking her while Dawn watched but letting Amy and Dawn make love to each other when I wasn't around I wasn't sure about.

"It's not like we are going to be doing it all the time James, just if Amy wants to fuck you or I want to do Amy it is okay with me if it is okay with you and Amy," Dawn said.

"Dawn, I don't want to do anything that you are not okay with," Amy said.

"Well, okay, but I still want all of us to do it together too," I said.

"Then that is settled," Dawn said as she got up off the sofa. "How about a beer you two?"

"Sure," I said as I watched Dawn's naked ass as she walked toward the fridge.

"Me too," Amy said as she looked at me.

Dawn grabbed three beers from the fridge and headed back to the sofa and sat back down. She handed Amy and me our beers.

"Dawn are you sure about all this?" Amy asked.

"Yes I am, James really enjoyed it when you were here last time and I know I enjoyed it. Did you enjoy yourself then and now?"

"I am very sure I enjoyed myself then and just now but I want to make sure we are all okay with this," Amy said.

"Amy I am more than okay with this or I wouldn't have asked you to move in, are you going to be happy here?' Dawn asked.

"I think I will be very happy here as long as you two are happy."

We sat and talked awhile while we finished up our beers. To my excitement it seemed that Dawn was happy with the idea of us all having sex anytime one of us wanted.

"I think this is going to work out very well, shall we go shower and get cleaned up?" Dawn said.

We all went to the shower and had some more fun. When we finished I fixed all of us some dinner while Amy and Dawn sat on the sofa wrapped in towels and talked. I carried their plates to them and then got my plate and some beers and joined them.

"Amy I have a question for you?" I asked.

"Sure, anything."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Would you like to sleep with Dawn and me tonight-- only if you don't want to be alone in this big house on your first night?"

Amy smiled at me with a big smile.

"Sure, I won't be alone that way."

We all finished eating and talked for several more hours than went to bed. Dawn and Amy were both very tired from getting up so early. I laid between the two beautiful women each curled up next to me as they went to sleep.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 06|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-06|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
After Amy moved in things around the house had gotten crazier but I didn't know how crazy these two were until now.

Life after the Lottery, CH. 06

Dawn's Chair Delivery 

It was nearing the end of October, the month had gone by quickly after Amy moved in. Amy came and went to work each day; Dawn still worked one or two days a week when needed for the serious stuff. I still dropped by the hospital every once in a while to check in and talk to the head of the Psychology department. There had only been a couple of times that Amy, Dawn and I had gotten together for some wild nights of sex. I hadn't noticed that Dawn and Amy had disappeared together at any time but I had been out of the house a few times when they were home together. Amy and I hadn't yet had sex alone again without Dawn in the room. Things were going well, Amy had settled in and she just seemed to be part of our lives now.

It was about a week from the Halloween party at Dr. John's house. I read an email that morning from his wife Carol, she was telling everyone to make sure they came in a costume, the skimpier the better. I asked Dawn what she and Amy were going to dress up as, she informed me that she was going to dress up like a Victoria Secret's Angle, complete with wings and Amy was going as Victoria's Devil. She said I would really like their costumes and that she had already gotten them and was going to pick mine up later. I asked what I was going to be dressed as, she told me I would have to wait until the night of the party then her and Amy exchanged a giggle.

Amy and Dawn were both helping me edit and select video for the big surprise movie, we had let Amy in on it since she was always around. She thought that it was going to be great. She really loved the fact that we were going to include the first time we had all had sex and when I had fucked her in the ass, she got really turned on when we were editing that scene. One long night after we had all been working on the video we had ended up having sex in the middle of the floor of the electronics room for hours. 

I had edited the bulk of the video down but there was still about 14 hours of video that included each of the ten couples that I had to get down to a reasonable length. There was so much good stuff we hated to cut any of it out. I was having trouble mixing a bad porn sound track I had bought for the video, I needed to call Sam. I had talked to John and Carol about Sam coming to the party and bringing his fiance, they said it was okay with the two of them. Sam was excited when I called to tell him.

Dawn told me that there would be a delivery the next day. When I asked a delivery of what she told me the tantra chairs she had ordered for each of the bedrooms were being delivered. I had forgotten all about our promise to order them for all the rooms so she had taken care of it. I hoped she had made arrangements for some help to bring them all in and carry them up the stairs.

The next day around noon a large truck pulled up in the drive-way, when I went to the door I was happy to see two large young guys get out of the truck. Dawn met them in her cut off shorts and a tight white t-shirt she had slipped on when she heard the truck, her and Amy had been sitting out in the hot tub naked. As far as I knew Amy was still sitting in the hot tub naked. Dawn's wet breast were clearly showing through the white t-shirt, I had given her a 'you're crazy look' before she came to the door. As she walked out the door the two young guy's mouths dropped open as they looked at her tits showing through the wet t-shirt.

"Uh, we are here for a...uh...delivery," one said.

"Good, we have been waiting for these," Dawn said as she nonchalantly walked out to the truck with the two men in her wet t-shirt and her ass hanging out of her extremely short blue jean cut offs.

"These are going to be great!"

The two guys proceeded to unload the boxed chairs and place them on the ground while they kept checking out Dawn. It appeared Dawn had gotten extra chairs for more than the bedrooms. As the guys unboxed the first chair outside the front door they stopped and looked at it. One of them looked at me and back at the chair.

"What kind of furniture is this?" One asked Dawn.

"It's a special chair," Dawn said.

"It doesn't look very comfortable, how do you sit on it?" The other guy said.

"You don't, you fuck on it," Dawn said easily.

The two guys looked at Dawn trying not to look at her dark nipples showing through her shirt then looked back at the chair. They hefted the chair up and followed Dawn into the house and up the stairs. As Dawn went in front of the two guys I noticed the last guy looking at her ass hanging out of her cut off shorts, it was obvious that was all she had on. He stumbled a few times as he tried to carry the chair and stare at her ass at the same time he went up the stairs. The other guy told him to watch what he was doing. 

Three more chairs were carried up the stairs to the other bedrooms. I noticed that the two guys kept swapping which end they carried so they could look at Dawn's ass and pussy. There really wasn't a whole lot to her shorts.

I watched as each chair was brought in, Dawn had selected different colors for each of the rooms. Her t-shirt was starting to dry now so the guys were paying more attention to what they were doing. The next one they brought in was red and Dawn escorted the two guys down the stairs to the game room. As they came back up Dawn came over to me and I heard one of the guys say that this was one big ass house on the way out the door, Dawn and I laughed.

"You know your ass and pussy are hanging out of those shorts driving those two guys crazy don't you, not to mention the wet t-shirt."

"Really? I hadn't noticed," she said with a big grin.

The next chair they carried in was the first one for the pool house. I watched as they walked through the house and followed Dawn out the door to the patio carrying the boxed chair. Once they got outside one of the guys tripped and nearly fell down. I walked over to the door to check on them when I noticed why he had tripped. Amy was sitting in the hot tub looking at them, the water was up to about her nipples as she sat there naked. The two guys kept moving trying to look at Amy and carry the chair around the pool to the pool house without falling in. I saw Amy wave at one of them while he was looking at her. As they made their way to the other side of the pool I walked over to Amy.

"You're a shit," I said to her.

"Just having fun," Amy said. "James, I haven't gotten to try out the chair yet."

"You mean Dawn hasn't demonstrated it for you?"

"She said that I had to wait and that the two of you would demonstrate it to me," Amy replied.

"Oh. Well we will just have to do that tonight," I said.

Amy was looking at me grinning when Dawn and the two guys came out of the pool house and headed back toward us carrying the broken down box.

"You can leave the boxes here for now the next one is going out to the pool house also," Dawn told them.

They piled the box to the side as they continued to walk toward the house. Amy sat up straight in the hot tub so that her boobs were nearly out of the water. Her areoles were swollen and large from the hot water. As Dawn got to the hot tub she looked at Amy and winked. The two guys tried not to look but they couldn't help it. I reached out and grabbed Dawn as she walked by and let the two guys continue to the truck.

"You two are being real teases."

"Oh what the hell James, these guys are working their asses off, let them enjoy," Dawn replied and headed back to the truck to get the next chair.

They brought the second chair out for the other bedroom in the pool house. Again, they stumbled and watched as Amy flashed her tits at them. Since Amy had the jets in the hot tub off I was sure they could see down into the tub. They returned to the truck and continued to carry chairs into the other parts of the house.

The next chair they brought in was white and was for the patio under the overhang. Amy was still sitting up so they could get a good look at her huge breasts when they carried it out to the patio near the hot tub. Dawn was adjusting the chair while the two guys tried to look and walk back in the house at the same time to get the last chair. While they were looking back, Amy grabbed her breasts and lifted them up out of the water squeezing them, one of the guys ran into the door as he went in.

As they went out the front door I heard one they say, "Did you see the tits on the redhead?"

"Hell yes, the tits on the other one aren't bad either," the other said.

"I wonder if he is married to one of them," one said.

"I don't know but they are both hot!" 

Dawn walked through the house to help the men with the last chair.

In they came with the last chair, this one was black and it was for the big room. Dawn had them carry it to the far end near the patio doors. They set it down and Dawn had them move it around a few times. As the men stood there waiting to see if that was all, Dawn bent all the way over one end of the chair in her very lose fitting shorts pretending to be wiping something off the bottom of it. Her ass was sticking up in the air toward the two guys. I knew if they looked they would be able to see Dawn's pussy lips as the shorts rode up into her split, I watched their faces, they could see. Dawn stood up and turned to me and asked if it looked okay, I told her yes it looked fine. I wasn't sure if she meant the chair or her ass but they both looked fine. 

About that time the guys heads snapped as Amy got out of the hot tub and pulled on a short silk robe loosely as she walked into the house. We all got a good look at her tits and her pussy as she pulled the robe together walking in.

"Wow Dawn that looks great there," Amy said as she walked toward the chair.

"Do you think so or do you think it would look better over by the fireplace?"

"I don't know I like it right here by the door, I like to look outside while I fuck."

Oh shit, this was getting good.

"But I like to fuck over by the fireplace," Dawn said.

"Is that all ma'am," one of the guys asked nervously.

"Don't go yet, I might want to move it if you don't mind." Dawn said.

I just looked at her and shook my head, she looked back and smiled.

"What do you think James?" Amy said as she looked at me with a smile.

"Either place is fine with me."

Amy walked over and sat down on one end of the chair letting the bottom of her robe fall open as she did. She had her legs spread slightly; I could just see the patch of red hair over her pussy.

"But James, I like to sit by the window so I can look out while you fuck me," Amy said with a pout on her lips as she looked toward me.

"Let's see what it looks like by the fireplace first," Dawn said.

Amy slid toward me and the two guys letting her legs spread apart as she did. This little show was starting to make me hard and all I had on was a pair of loose fitting shorts and a t-shirt.

"Could you two strong men please move it over buy the fireplace for me," Dawn asked as she grabbed one by the arm.

"Uh...sure."

Dawn watched as the two young guys picked up the chair and carried it over in front of the fireplace and set it down. Dawn walked over and fussed a little as she had the two guys move it around a few times.

"See Amy, with it over here by the fireplace we can stay warm by the fire while we fuck."

"I don't know Dawn I get pretty hot when you are eating my pussy."

I was about to burst out laughing and my growing hard-on was starting to make a tent in my shorts. I looked at the two young guys and could tell that they both were suffering from raging hard-ons in their tight jeans.

"Is that all ma'am?" One asked again.

"No wait, I haven't decided yet, please," and Dawn gave them a pouting look. "I will make it worth your while."

The look in the two guy's eyes was great, they had no idea what Dawn meant.

"Sure...sure thing miss."

"Come her Amy," Dawn said as she motioned for Amy to join her by the new chair and the fireplace.

Amy slowly walked over to the chair and Dawn.

"Sit on top for a minute," Dawn said.

The two guys backed away a few feet from the chair as Amy walked over and set on top the chair.

"This isn't too close is it? You won't get hot right here."

"I don't know, what about you, you will get hot down there by the fireplace won't you?" Amy asked.

"I don't know."

Dawn straddled the middle of the chair and sat down.

"Let me see," Dawn said.

Dawn leaned forward and parted Amy's legs. I thought I was going to die or explode, I didn't know which first. While Dawn spread Amy's legs apart then she looked at the fireplace then looked at Amy's pussy then looked back at the fireplace. Dawn leaned forward and licked Amy's pussy a few times and then looked back to the fireplace.

"Hmmm," Dawn got up.

"It's too close to the fireplace, would you two scoot it over toward the sofa a couple of feet?' Dawn asked as she stood.

The two guys were dying and so was I.

Amy slid first one leg off toward the two guys then the other completely exposing her pussy. She pretended to gather her robe loosely as she moved so they could move the chair. When I looked at Amy's pussy I couldn't help but notice it was dripping wet. Dawn licking her pussy a few times had got her juices flowing, I was sure the two guys had seen it too.

The two young men walked over and picked up each end of the chair and moved it several feet toward the sofa and stepped aside.

"Amy see what you think now," Dawn said as she sat on top of the chair.

Amy walked over and sat down in the middle spreading her legs so we could see her pussy. She reached up and spread Dawn's legs apart and looked at the fireplace and then leaned into to Dawn and pulled what little of the crotch of her shorts there was away and licked Dawn's pussy a few times then looked sideways at the fireplace. She was holding Dawn's shorts aside so the two guys could clearly see and then looked up at me.

"What do you think James, do you think it will get too hot having sex by the fireplace?"

"I don't know Amy, you and Dawn get pretty hot and sweaty when you two are going at it. Amy do you think when your ass gets sweaty you will slide off the leather?"

Amy looked at me with a crazy look knowing I was egging them on.

"That's a good question? Get a glass of water James."

I thought I was going to explode, the show these two were putting on was like nothing I had ever seen them do before. As I walked toward the kitchen I tried to adjust my cock so it wasn't sticking out so far but with no luck since I didn't have any underwear on. I got a glass of water and returned.

Amy was standing at the end of the chair, she reached for the glass. After I handed it to her she poured some of the water on her hand then smeared it around on the top of the chair then she slid her ass up on top of the chair and squirmed around.

"I don't know Dawn, this feels pretty......"

Then Amy slid down the front of the chair to the center causing her robe to fall completely open.

"Opps! I guess it is too slick. Could one of you gentlemen please help me up?"

Neither of the two guys could move fast enough to help Amy. As she got up she thanked them and wrapped her robe around herself.

"I guess you are right, it would be better over by the window."

"Could you please move it back over by the window?" Dawn said with her best southern drawl.

"Yes ma'am."

The two guys quickly picked up the chair and carried it back over by the window and set it down. Dawn and Amy walked over as if to be pondering the fate of the poor chair.

"I think this is the best place don't you Amy?"

"Yes, James can watch you swimming naked in the pool while he fucks me."

"What about when the man comes to clean the pool?" Dawn asked.

"He can watch too." Amy said with a smile to Dawn.

My cock was about to explode if I didn't get some relief soon.

"James, you don't mind if the pool guy watches while I suck your cock do you?" Amy asked.

This was getting a little carried away.

"I think it is perfect where it is, we can move it in front of the fireplace when it gets cold if you want."

"Okay, if you like it here then," Dawn said.

"Is that all ma'am?"

"Yes it is thanks," Dawn said as she walked toward them.

"Then we'll go."

"No wait, I said I would make it worth your while!"

"That's okay miss."

"No, no, come here."

The two guys slowly stepped toward Dawn.

Dawn jammed both of her hands down into the pockets of her still wet shorts. She pushed her hands into her pockets and fished around, her loose shorts slowly slipped down over her hips eventually exposing her neatly trimmed small patch of black hair and pussy.

"No really ma'am, that's okay."

"No, wait, I have something for you. Shit!"

Dawn continued to push her shorts down over the front of her thighs while digging in her pockets.

"Oh hell!" Dawn said, "I'll just take the fucking things off!"

Dawn bent all the way over and pushed her shorts off over her feet and stood up holding them. I could feel cum oozing from the tip of my cock as she stood there in her t-shirt holding her shorts in her hands showing off her body to these two guys.

"Come here, you can get it now!" Dawn said as she looked at the two guys.

They were frozen in their tracks.

"Come on over here and get it," she said.

The two young guys slowly moved within several feet of Dawn. I watched as Dawn beginning digging in the pockets of the wet shorts.

"Here it is."

Dawn retrieved two one hundred dollar bills from the wet shorts. She dropped the shorts and began unrolling the wet money.

"Here, this is for all the trouble." Dawn said as she reached out with the money.

"You don't have to do that, really, it's our job."

"No you take this, you two strong men didn't have to haul these all over the house and keep moving them around for me."

"No problem, we enjoyed...I mean it was our pleasure...I...I...mean...thanks."

Dawn handed them the money then turned and bent over and stepped back into her shorts and pulled them up while the two guys watched. When Dawn stood and turned back toward them one said, "Thanks, we appreciate it."

"We appreciate everything," the other one said being a little braver. "We'll only be a few minutes breaking down the boxes and loading them in the truck, thanks really."

"Anytime," Amy said.

They said thanks again and headed toward the front door, closing it after them.

Amy and Dawn started laughing their asses off.

"Hey, if you are going to keep it believable don't let them hear you laughing!"

Dawn and Amy held their laughs as best they could.

"And if one of you two whores doesn't fuck me right now I am going to explode!"

Amy stripped off her robe.

"I have been waiting to try out this chair," Amy said as she ran to the new chair by the window and sat down on top and spread her legs.

I ripped my shirt off and dropped my shorts and moved quickly to Amy.

"Oh god James I am so hot, fuck me quick!" Amy cried as she reached out for me.

"Amy, you know by now one thing I don't do is fuck quickly! You two are absolutely fucking nuts!"

Amy was sitting on the highest seat, I stroked her pussy a few times, it was soaking wet.

"Just put it in me James, I am so wet!"

I leaned forward as I grabbed my cock and slipped it up and down between her soaking wet lips. She was right she was wet and ready to go.

"I can't believe you two did that. That was pretty dangerous."

"But you enjoyed it didn't you?" Dawn said as I felt her bare breast press up against my back as she squeezed me from behind.

I turned and looked as she sat down on the other end of the chair now naked with her legs spread beginning to finger her soaking wet pussy. I turned back to Amy and leaned in gently beginning to slide my throbbing cock into her.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh god that feels so great! Hurry James, hurry! I am so fucking hot!"

I pushed forward and felt my cock slipping into Amy's swollen pussy, god she was hot and wet. As I got several inches into Amy she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me into her. With one motion I was all the way in.

"Oh yes!! Fuck me James, fuck me hard!!"

I slowly started pulling in and out of Amy. Each time I pushed in Amy tried not to scream.

"Oh James give it to me! I can't stand this!"

I began to thrust in and out of Amy faster and faster.

"Oh yes, that's it!"

I wrapped my arms around Amy and laid her back and let her head fall back over the end of the chair.

"Oh god yes! The blood is rushing to my head, this is great!"

Dawn came around and bent forward and began sucking on one of Amy's nipples.

"Oh my god this is incredible!" Amy screamed.

Dawn moved to switch to the other nipple.

"Shit!"

"What?!" I asked.

"They left that damn cardboard box on the patio, I don't want it out there," Dawn said.

While I was thrusting in and out of Amy Dawn stood up and headed toward the front door.

"Dawn!"

She wouldn't...she pulled the front door open.

"Hey, you left a box out back could you please come and get it?"

She did, standing there naked at the front door waiting for these two young guys to come back through the house to get the box.

I heard, "Are you sure ma'am?"

"Yes, come and get it and close the door after you come in."

Dawn casually walked back to Amy and I as these two guys slowly walked through the house, I continued thrusting in and out of Amy. I don't think Amy even knew what was going on. I was watching her face turn red as the blood rushed to her head as it hung off the end of the chair.

"Oh god James fuck me harder, I am so fucking horny!"

Amy was a sight to see, lying back over the chair with her huge tits falling out to the sides. I wanted to laugh but I was too horny to care about the two guys.

"Out on the patio," Dawn said.

I heard the door to the patio open. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the two guys taking their time breaking down the box while they watched me pummel Amy's pussy. Dawn walked around to the head of the chair and moved so that her pussy was over Amy's mouth. Amy reached back with her arms and pulled Dawn to her mouth. The chair was just the right height that Dawn could place her pussy over Amy's mouth.

"Come here!" Amy said.

Amy stuck out her tongue and Dawn lowered her pussy down as she pulled her in, Dawn reached down with both hands and spread her pussy lips apart. I could see her swollen clit sticking out from between all the pink flesh. Amy pulled it into her mouth and began to suck. I continued a hard steady pace as Amy moaned while she sucked Dawn's clit hard.

While I was keeping it up I looked over at the guys picking up the box, they were looking at Amy sucking on Dawn. I couldn't wait to replay all this that night, I knew the cameras were right on the two guys watching. One of the guys looked up at me, he seemed unsure of what to do. I looked back down at Amy's swollen pussy lips and watched my cock slide in and out as I had her arched backwards over the chair. I looked up at Dawn, she was looking at me.

"Dawn you do know they are watching?"

"Yes I do and I am so hot I don't care!"

"Okay."

Amy had reached up and was twisting her nipples now moaning each time I thrust into her and each time she twisted her nipples. I looked back at the two guys outside, I could tell one of them was asking if they could watch. I giggled a little and looked at them and shook my head yes. They dropped the box and walked up to the window so they could see better.

"Well Dawn you have an audience now!"

"I don't care James! They can watch if they want too!"

Dawn looked at the two guys while she held her pussy lips spread apart. I watched as they looked at her.

"Oh James, I am so fucking hot with them watching!" Dawn said.

Amy reached back and tried to slip a finger in Dawn's pussy but with the angle and my pounding she couldn't do it, she returned her hands to twisting her nipples. I began to slowly pull my cock all the way out and push it back in over and over.

Amy took a break and screamed, "James fuck me harder!"

She pulled Dawn back to her mouth and I watched as she tongued Dawn's clit. Dawn's clit was hugely swollen now and sticking out about a half inch. Faster and faster Amy tongued her. Dawn began moaning loudly as Amy pulled her in tightly and sucked hard on her clit.

"Oh James I am so hot, she is sucking so hard on my clit!"

"Grind your pussy into her mouth for the guys!"

Dawn pushed forward and ground her pussy into Amy's mouth. Amy opened her mouth wide and sucked on Dawn's lips, pulling first one then the other into her mouth. I looked over to the window and the guys were slowly rubbing their crotches, they were getting quite a show. I began to speed up my thrusting again, Amy was moaning loudly into Dawn's pussy. Dawn continued to grind her pussy into Amy's mouth occasionally looking at the guys.

"James this is making me so hot! I am going to come hard!"

"You better tell Amy!"

"Oh god Amy, I am going to come in your mouth!"

Amy pushed Dawn back and said, "Come in my mouth, squirt all over me!"

"Oh god Amy this is so hot, do you know we are being watched?!"

"What?!"

"Look at the window!"

Amy looked at the window, the two guys had fished their cocks out of their jeans and were beginning to slowly stroke themselves.

"Oh my god this is great!" Amy said as she looked at them.

Amy reached up and pulled Dawn's pussy to her mouth again. Dawn pulled her pussy lips apart again so Amy could suck her clit and I think so the guys could see better. Amy started sucking madly and I started thrusting into her like crazy.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm!!," Came from Amy.

I could feel Amy's pussy beginning to twitch as I pushed into her deeper and deeper.

"Mmmm!" "Mmmmm!" :Mmmmmm!!" Came from Amy with each thrust.

Amy began to try and push her hips up to meet each of my thrust. I reached up and grabbed both her nipples and began to twist.

"Mmmmmmmm!!"

"Oh James I am coming!!" Dawn screamed.

Dawn let go of her pussy lips and ground her pussy down on top of Amy's mouth.

"Shit!!"

Dawn leaned forward and put her hands on my shoulders as she began to come.

"Oh god!!" Dawn screamed.

I looked out the window and the guys were stroking their cocks furiously.

"Oh!!!"

Dawn started jerking against Amy's mouth, her juices squirting out of her and filling her mouth.

"Oh my god!!" Dawn screamed.

I looked over at the two guys and their mouths were hanging open as they watched Dawn gush into Amy's mouth. About that time one of them blew his wad all over the window. I began to thrust into Amy as fast and as hard as I could feeling the inside of her pussy tightening around my cock.

Amy had to come up for air.

"Oh James I am coming!!" Amy screamed.

Dawn bent forward and kissed Amy on the mouth. I could see her jamming her tongue in and out. About that time the other guy blew his load on the window.

"Now!!" Amy screamed, "Now!!"

I pumped as hard and as fast as I could feeling the swelling in my balls. Amy began squirting juices out around my cock as she continued to scream. Wave after wave of convulsions shot through her body. She kept trying to rise up but Dawn held her down. 

One huge jerk and, "Oh my god James!!"

Amy was rocked over and over again with huge spasms. I felt my balls tense up, I couldn't hold it any longer no matter how hard I tried. Amy was screaming at the top of her lungs.

I pulled my cock out and grabbed it and stroked it while I aimed it toward Amy. I felt convulsion after convulsion shoot through me as huge loads of cum shot from my cock. The first load landed right between Amy's tits. I jerked again and the next load landed on her face. I screamed as the last huge spasm shot through my body.

"Ahhhhhh!!!"

The last huge load left the end of my cock and landed on Dawn's tits.

"Ahhhhh!" I let out again as my cock emptied the rest of my cum out onto Amy's mound.

My legs went weak and I fell back onto the other hump of the chair.

"My god James!" Dawn said.

After a minute I caught my breath and looked up. Dawn was looking at the cum dripping between her tits.

"You think you could have shot it a little further?" Dawn said with a laugh.

She took a finger and wiped some of the cum off and stuck her finger in her mouth sucking it clean. Then she wiped the rest off and stuck her finger in Amy's mouth. Amy sucked Dawn's finger into her mouth and Dawn pulled it out clean.

"We still have an audience," I said.

Dawn leaned forward and began licking the cum between Amy's tits up while looking out the window at the two young guys. Damned if they weren't jacking off again. Dawn slowly licked the cum up as she watched them.

"Oh my god," came from Amy.

"Amy, are you okay?" I asked.

"Oh my, better than okay! I am fantastic! This thing is great, when can we do it again?"

Dawn laughed as she licked the remaining cum from Amy's tits.

"If you give me a few minutes we can do it again, I am almost hard again from watching you two perform for our audience.

"Really, are they still there?" Amy asked.

"Yes, and they are jacking off for the second time," I told her.

"Oh good! James come here and stick your cock in my mouth, I'll get it hard again."

"I can't pass that up!"

I switched places with Dawn. I was still so turned on from everything my cock was starting to get hard again. I walked around to Amy's head and she reached up and took my cock in her mouth.

"Those guys are staring at your cock James," Dawn said as she sat between Amy's legs. "I don't guess they have seen anything that big before!"

Dawn settled in between Amy's legs as she watched our audience. They had stopped jerking off to watch what was next. One was looking at Amy sucking on my cock while the other was watching Dawn. Dawn leaned forward and begin licking the rest of my cum off Amy's mound slowly looking at our voyeurs at the same time. I watched as she slowly licked each of the drops up with the tip of her tongue. My cock was hard again from watching my hot wife show off.

Dawn slowly moved down and began licking Amy's pussy.

"Oh no, I don't think I can stand that!"

Dawn continued to lick, looking sideways at the guy that was watching her.

"Dawn! My pussy is too sensitive!"

"Okay."

Dawn reached under Amy's knees and held her legs up. She leaned forward and began licking Amy's asshole. I watched as one of the guys moved around so he could see Dawn lick Amy's asshole.

"Dawn!"

When Amy said Dawn I slipped my cock into her waiting mouth.

"Mmmmmmmm!!"

I pushed and pulled my cock in and out of Amy's mouth as she moaned. Amy was swirling her tongue around the end of my cock trying to drive me crazy. I let her continue as I watched Dawn continue to tongue her ass. I looked at the guy watching Dawn and he had begun stroking his cock again.

"Dawn, you really have that guy watching you turned on."

I heard her say 'good' as she continued.

I watched as Dawn gave Amy's pussy a few soft licks. I felt Amy's reaction on my stiff cock. Dawn sat up and looked at the guy now stroking his cock and stuck her finger in her mouth, she removed it dripping with saliva. Dawn turn to Amy and pushed her wet finger up to Amy's asshole, I felt Amy groan again.

I watched as Dawn slipped all of her index finger into Amy's ass. Amy moaned again on my cock. Dawn slowly worked her finger in and out of Amy, as she did she leaned forward and licked on Amy's pussy some more. The guy watching Dawn was telling the other guy to come watch. He was too busy stroking himself while watching Amy suck my cock.

I watched Dawn sit back up and pull her finger from Amy's ass and return it along with her middle finger to her mouth and suck on them. Dawn turned to look at the guy while she pulled her two fingers out dripping with saliva again. Dawn turned and pressed both her fingers into Amy's ass. Amy moaned long and hard as Dawn worked her fingers in and out of her ass.

Dawn was working her fingers around in Amy's ass when the guy blew his second load all over the window.

"He just came all over the window Dawn."

Dawn pulled her fingers out of Amy's ass and turned toward the guy and stuck them in her mouth and sucked. I could hear the guy saying, 'I can't fucking believe this'.

Dawn looked back toward Amy as she began rubbing her stomach.

"Amy, the other guy is watching you suck James' cock while he jacks off. Why don't you take all of James down your throat that should blow his mind."

"Mmmmmm!" Came from Amy.

Both guys had moved so they could see Amy suck my cock. Amy reached back and grabbed me by my ass and began to pull me forward. With her head bent back she was not going to have any trouble swallowing all of me.

Amy only had about a half of my cock in her mouth, she had been teasing the tip with her tongue. She pulled my hips toward her head slowly pulling me in. Amy pulled about two-thirds of my cock into her mouth. The guys were pointing and talking. In and out Amy slipped my cock making it look like she was struggling to take that much. I reached forward and grabbed her tits while she did this making it look like I was forcing my cock down her throat. Amy would pull me partially in and hold me there occasionally acting like she was gagging.

"You have their attention now Amy," Dawn said.

I grabbed Amy's head and face fucked her mouth acting like I was driving my cock in as far as she could take it. Amy started acting like I was choking her. I looked at Dawn and she was holding back a smile while she rubbed Amy's stomach. Amy still had about two inches to go.

"Amy, are you okay," Dawn asked quietly.

"Um, hu," Amy moaned.

I was still holding Amy's head and acting like I was fucking her mouth for all I had.

"James, push in a little more, Amy grab James' cock like you are choking and trying to pull it out while he keeps it in there."

I was really starting to get turned on by this. I wasn't watching the two guys but could see them out of the corner of my eye. I acted like I was pushing in harder, Amy reached around and grabbed the shaft of my cock and started jerking around like she was choking to death. I held it for a while and then pulled back. Amy pulled my cock out of her mouth and coughed a few times and gasped for air. Dawn was struggling not to laugh.

I reached down with my hands and stuck my fingers in Amy's mouth and gently pulled it open and pushed my cock back in. Amy still had her hand around my cock and was trying to keep me from pushing all of my cock in her mouth... sort of. I jerked her hand off my cock and held it while I pushed forward again. Amy started gagging and choking...sort of. She reached up with her other hand and grabbed my cock at the base and pulled my cock out.

Amy gagged and chocked and coughed for a minute. I grabbed her other hand and held both. Dawn got up and came around and stuck her fingers in Amy's mouth pulling it open. Amy looked up and shook her head no violently. She was putting on a good show. Dawn held her head still while I pushed my cock in, a little deeper this time, leaving her several inches to go. Dawn kept her fingers in Amy's mouth while I pushed in. Amy thrashed around on the chair like she was choking. I worked my cock in and out, Amy struggling each time I pushed in.

"Ok Dawn, enough."

Dawn took her fingers out of Amy's mouth. I let go of Amy's hands and she reached up and grabbed the base of my cock again and pulled it out of her mouth. She looked over at the two guys watching and smiled. Amy leaned her head back returned my cock to her mouth and reached up and grabbed the back of my ass. Amy pulled me forward slowly, the two guys watched as 8 plus inches disappeared down Amy's throat.

I heard a 'Holy shit!' come from outside.

Amy pulled me all the way up so my balls were touching her forehead and held me there for a long time. The sensation on my cock sliding down Amy's throat in this position was incredible.

Dawn whispered in my ear loud enough so that Amy could hear, "James can you come again in Amy's mouth?"

I turned to Dawn and said, "I am about to come now watching this show."

Dawn giggled a little.

"Amy, you ready," Dawn pretended to whisper in my ear.

"Uh, hu," came from Amy as she came up for air and then pulled me all the way back down her throat.

Dawn left me and returned between Amy's legs so she could suck on her pussy. Amy was holding me in for a very long time, I was wondering if she could breathe through her ears. 

Amy pulled out for some air and whispered, "fuck my throat James."

She pulled me back in all the way again and I let Amy pull me in and out of her throat. She would pull me in and hold me then pull me all the way in and out several times, then pull me in and hold it. I couldn't take a lot more of it.

"Amy, I am about to come, I can't hold it any longer," I whispered.

Amy pulled me in and out several times, the feeling of my cock head sliding in her throat was all I could take.

"Amy, I'm coming!"

Amy pulled my cock all the way out of her mouth, when I shot my first load directly into her mouth she pulled my ass forward with both hands and jammed my cock all the way down her throat.

'Oh my god!' I heard from outside.

I jerked and thrust and pumped load after load down Amy's throat.

"Oh my god!!" I screamed as I shoved into Amy's mouth.

I jerked and thrust a few more times, Amy pulled my cock from her mouth and let the last drops fall on her lips. She licked it all off and kissed the head of my cock and turned and looked at the two guys and smiled real big.

Dawn started laughing and then Amy. I was so weak I couldn't laugh.

Dawn walked to the patio door and opened it and told the two guys to get their stuff and leave.

They stuffed their cocks back in their pants and picked up the boxes and came into the house. Dawn escorted them to the front door but before she opened the door she told them that if they kept their mouths shut they could come back and watch again sometime.

"Hell yes!" One of them cried.

Dawn picked up a piece of paper and had them write their phone numbers on it.

Dawn closed the door after them and started laughing again. I had enough energy to laugh now.

"That was dangerous," I told Dawn.

"That was fun!" Dawn exclaimed.

"I have one question for you two girls?"

"What?"

"Who is going to clean the cum off the window?"
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 07|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-07|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
Halloween was on Sunday so the party was set for Saturday night. Amy and Dawn came in late after work Friday carrying several garment bags and a box. Dawn still wouldn't tell me what my costume was, all I knew was she was going as a Vitoria's Secret angel and Amy was going as a devil.

Saturday arrived and we all slept in late knowing it would be a long night. I made arrangements for a limo to pick us up at the house and take us to the party, with all the drinking that would be going on I knew none of us should be driving. I also made arrangements for us to stay at a nice hotel in the city after the party. The limo was to pick us back up at the hotel late Sunday afternoon.

The party was to start at 6:00; the limo would pick us up about 5:30. Dawn and Amy had disappeared upstairs to start getting ready about 2:00, I had heard them get in the shower to get ready. I went upstairs about 4:00 to take a shower and get ready, I tried to go in our bedroom but Dawn wouldn't let me in and told me all my stuff was in the other bedroom. As I walked off I heard the two of them giggling like a couple of school girls.

After I got out of the shower and dried off I went to the bed where there was a box, I had been told my outfit was in the box and to put it on. I opened the box and found a black leather motorcycle hat, a pair of black leather chaps, a black leather pair of skimpy shorts and a leather studded vest, Dawn couldn't be serious. I walked back down the hall to our bedroom door and knocked.

"Dawn, you can't be serious about this outfit!" I yelled through the door.

"Yes I am! Put it on and we'll be downstairs soon," was the reply I got back.

I went back to the other bedroom and pulled the skimpy shorts on. I hoped I didn't get an erection tonight it would poke right out of these shorts if I did. I slipped the chaps on each leg and put the hat on and the leather studded vest. I walked over to the mirror and decided I looked like one of the guys from the Village People. I grabbed a pair of black boots from my closet then I adjusted everything the best I could and went downstairs to wait on the girls.

It was about 5:00 before I heard the bedroom door open and then I saw the two of them coming down the stairs. Wow, was all I could think, Dawn had all her long black hair curled and it was hanging beautifully around her face and shoulders. She had on lacy white lingerie I was sure really was from Victoria's Secret, she looked just like one of their models. She had on a white lacy pushup bra that I could nearly see through and white lacy thong panties just like they wore on the runway show on TV each year. She also had on this large pair of white and pale blue lace wings just like in the show. She looked incredibly hot and just like an angel. As she came down the stairs I could tell she had put on her makeup for a dramatic affect and she had sprayed silver glitter all over her face and body, to top it off she had on a pair of white stilettos.

Amy had on the same lingerie but it was fire red, she was dressed up as a devil. Her hair was curled and hanging down beautifully also and she had a pair of small red horns glued to the top of her forehead. Her huge tits were bulging out of the red lacy bra. She also had put on her makeup to give her eyes a very dramatic dark red look and had sprayed herself with gold and red glitter. She was also carrying a little red pitch fork to go with her matching red stilettos. These were two of the hottest women I had ever seen. As they got to the bottom of the stairs all I could do was stare. 

"An angel and a devil, you two definitely fit the part!"

"Do you approve master?" Dawn asked.

"Master?"

"Yes, master," Dawn answered. "I have the rest of our costumes in that bag."

Dawn walked over and picked up a bag from the coffee table. She opened it and produced two silver studded leather collars, one white and one red. They helped each other put them on then Dawn produced two long silver dog chains from the bag.

"Hook us up master," Dawn said as she handed me the chains.

Each of their collars had a metal ring on the back, I hooked a chain to each. Each chain was about 6 feet long and had a black leather loop on the end for me to hold each by. Dawn's chain came out between the angel wings she had on and really looked hot.

"Now we are yours master," Amy said then we all cracked up. 

This was going to be the hottest thing I had seen in a long time, my angel and my devil. 

"Dawn, you are crazy!"

"Well Carol said wear something skimpy."

"I think you two meet the criteria. I know it is still warm this time of year but you two are going to need something to cover up with between here and the party.

"To the closet master," Dawn said as they walked toward the closet. 

The site of the two chains leading up to each of them was intense and seeing both of their asses with the thin strip of material running up their crack was having an effect on me I knew was going to be trouble.

Amy and Dawn reached in the closet and each took out at a cape. Dawn had a white satin cape that she slipped under her wings and chain and then wrapped around her shoulders and tied it at the neck. Amy produced a red satin cape and slipped it under the chain in the back and tied hers around her neck. The capes were large and went all the way to their feet and they could each wrap them completely around themselves covering everything up.

"Will this do master?" Dawn asked.

"If you think it will."

"I think he approves," Amy said looking down at the growing bulge in my skimpy shorts.

"I think he does," Dawn said as she approached me reaching out to grab my crotch.

"Dawn if you do that you know what will happen, I will be poking out of this thing."

"I know, that is why I got it," she said as she grabbed me.

We laughed then I grabbed the camera and we spent the next few minutes taking pictures. Before we knew it there was a knock at the door. It was the limo driver, I hoped. Dawn had me pick up the chains as the two of them walked over to the door while I walked behind holding their leashes. Dawn opened the door. The limo driver didn't say a word he just stood there looking at Dawn and Amy.

"Are you all ready to go," he finally asked after taking in the view.

"Yes," I said. "Would you get these bags for us?"

The limo driver slipped around my two girls and grabbed the bags and headed back out the door to the limo. He placed the bags in the trunk and opened the door for us. I removed Dawn's wings so she could get in. She got in first and Amy followed, I got in and sat across from them holding their chains. The limo driver looked in and then closed the door.

The drive to John and Carol's house on the other side of the city would take about 45 minutes. Dawn wanted to get there late so we could make and entrance. During the trip I told the limo driver which hotel we would be staying at and asked if he would take the bags to it and have them put in our room.

"What time is the party going to be over," the driver asked.

"There is no telling," I said. "It could be 3 or 4 in the morning."

""How are you going to get over to the hotel?"

"I guess we will call a cab."

"You won't be able to get one at that time of night. I will be running people all over town all night until the sun comes up. Just call me when you are ready to leave and I will come and get you," he said giving me his card, the only place I had to put the card was in the hat.

"Thanks, I will make it worth your trouble."

The rest of the ride Amy, Dawn and I talked and laughed and discussed plans for the night. I was thinking I didn't know what everyone's reaction was going to be when I showed up with Dawn and Amy. As far as we knew only John and Carol knew Amy was living with us because John saw Dawn at the hospital all the time. I said something about it to Dawn and she said that she guessed we would see.

We pulled into John and Carol's big circular driveway about 6:15. There were several cars but usually everyone planned on alternate transportation after one of the parties. The limo pulled up to the front walk, we saw John and Carol standing at the door talking to another couple. John was dressed as a vampire wearing a black cape and a skimpy pair of shorts like mine. Carol was wearing black panties and a black bustier and looked very good. The other couple was dressed great, the wife had on a very skimpy French maid outfit and her husband had on a pair of skin tight black shorts and a white front from a tux and bow tie.

We stopped and the driver got out and came around to open the door. I gave Dawn's wings to Amy then I got out of the car first holding the chains. Amy handed me the wings then got out and then Dawn got out and stood while I put her wings on. Neither of them was making any effort to hold their capes closed. We heard the conversation at the front door stop. Amy and Dawn headed up the walk and I followed holding their chains, everyone looked at us stunned.

"Good evening John," I said as we walked up. 

"Goo...good evening you guys," John said while staring.

I snapped the chains and Dawn and Amy said 'Good evening' in unison.

We had worked this out in the car. They were not to speak unless I directed them, Dawn thought the bit would be hilarious.

"Good evening," Carol said.

"You guys look great!" John said while eyeballing Dawn and Amy.

I snapped the chains again.

"Thank you," the two of them said together.

"Come on in," John said as they parted clearing the doorway for us.

We all went inside, I was holding tight to the leashes. Once inside Dawn and Amy turned to face each other and then reached up and untied each other's cape. They removed the capes and turned and handed them to me. There they stood in little to leave to the imagination. John was really looking at them now, I knew he had a hard-on for Dawn.

Carol looked at me stunned and said, "Here let me take those," as she took the two capes from me and hung them in a closet.

"Well come on in," John said as he bravely took Dawn's arm and led her toward the living room where everyone else was. John and Carol had the house all decked out in Halloween decorations and spooky music.

Amy and Dawn were hamming it up; they walked slowly into the room no expressions on their faces while I trailed behind with the chains. The room got quite as we walked in. There were some other skimpy outfits but not like Dawn and Amy's.

After a minute, "Hi you guys," came from Karen. "You look hot!"

They really did look hot, all the guys were checking them out and a few of the ladies looked on slack jawed. 

Karen and Jack scooted over on the couch they were sitting on and said, "Come sit here."

Dawn and Amy turned and looked at me, "Sit!"

They turned and walked toward the couch. When they got to the front of the couch they stopped and turned away from the couch and stood there expressionless.

"Sit!" I said and they both sat down at the same time.

This was going great, I could hear whispers around us, people didn't know what to think. I walked over holding the chains and sat between Amy and Dawn. I didn't know how long they would be able to keep this up but it was having its desired effect for now. As I looked around I saw many of the ladies had on skimpy dresses and tops, several were even wearing feather mask. Most of the guys had dressed like underwear models or Chippendale dancers. I saw Katrina and Joe, Katrina had on a beautiful long black silk Elvira dress. It was split all the way down the front to her stomach and the sides were split all the way up to her thighs plus she had on the dark eye makeup. I guess Katrina had come out of her shell, I was sure that some of the others were very surprised.

Keith, the nurse practitioner that worked with John tried to break the ice by saying, "Amy, how are things working out since you moved?"

Keith may have been the only other person that knew Amy was living with us since he worked with John. Amy turned her head and looked at me like she was looking for permission to speak. 

"You may speak."

"I know live with my master and his wife," Amy replied looking down.

I thought 'Oh shit', she is really hamming it up.

There was still silence in the room, I guess the cat was out of the bag, not that I cared.

Karen looked over and said, "Are you living with Dawn and James?"

Amy looked back at me for permission to speak, I nodded.

"Yes," was all she said.

Karen and several others looked at me with startled expressions, I just looked back at them. There were murmuring conversations going on around the room.

Jack turned toward me and whispered, "How long?"

"About a month," I whispered back.

"Uh, can I get the three of you some drinks?" Carol asked hesitantly.

"Sure, I would like a beer and the ladies will have water," I said.

"Okay," Carol replied still with hesitation.

"Thank you master," Dawn said without turning to look at me.

I thought I was going to bust. These two were going to play this out as long as they could. Slowly there were light conversations beginning to come back in the room though from listening they were about us. I continued to look around the room at all the skimpy outfits the ladies had on. Carol returned with the drinks, she handed me a beer and handed Dawn and Amy their glasses of water. Almost at the same time they said 'Thank you' to Carol.

"May I get you girls something to eat?" Carol asked.

"No thank you, they are watching their weight," I replied.

Carol seemed stunned, our actions were so out of character from the other parties. Usually Dawn and I were most of the action at the parties along with John and Carol and now this. We were still getting looks from everyone, some couples had walked away but I could see them standing at a distance talking and looking at us. Things went on this way for a while.

The doorbell rang; John and Carol broke away and went to the door. When they opened it I saw Sam. I had noticed he wasn't there but I had decided he wasn't coming.

"Hey James, it's Sam why don't you introduce him to everyone," John said.

I handed Dawn Amy's leash and Amy Dawn's leash. They each raised a hand to accept them and held that position. I got up and walked over to the door, Sam had brought his fiance. I had never met her but she looked very nice. She was a short beautiful Hispanic woman; she had long jet black hair and was about 5' 1" with a slim body but very nice large C breasts that filled out her small frame excellently.

"Hey Sam, glad you could make it."

"Thanks for inviting us," James replied.

James was a little over dressed compared to the other men but his fiance had on a very skin tigh and revealing low cut short green dress. Sam introduced her as Olivia.

"Come on in," Carol told them.

James and Olivia followed me over to the crowd.

"Everybody, this is Sam and Olivia. Sam is the guy that owns the company that wired our house for all the electronic controls and AV equipment. I know some of you were asking about the equipment for your houses so here he is if he wants to talk business."

A few 'Hi Sam, hi Olivias were heard.

"Let me show you two the kitchen so you can make yourselves at home," Carol told them while escorting them to the kitchen.

I walked back over to the sofa and retrieved each of the leashes and sat back down between Dawn and Amy. The two of them didn't move except to put their hands back down. Since Karen and Jack were sitting on the other end of the sofa beside Amy they each looked at me with some disdain. 

Sam and Olivia returned with Carol from the kitchen each with a drink in their hand.

"So Sam you are the magician that wired all the fancy lights and TV equipment in James' house?" John said.

"Yes, my company put all the remotes, lights, stereos, televisions and security system in the house when it was being built."

"Can you install that kind of stuff in a house that is already built?" John asked.

"Sure."

"Sam has a real specialty for what he does," I told John.

Sam looked over and saw Dawn and Amy in their outfits and looked at me puzzled. Several others had walked over and started talking to Sam and Olivia. Everyone understood that if there was a new couple there they had basically been approved by John and me. I could see that several of the men were eyeing Olivia along with the women eyeing Sam. Liz and Steve were sitting nearby.

"So, Amy, how are things working out with you now," Steve asked with a smile.

"They are working out fine thank you," Amy replied.

Just for effect I tugged on Amy's chain with a jerk. Amy was pulled slightly toward me.

"Sorry master," Amy said while looking down at her glass.

I wanted to give the impression that she could not talk without my permission.

"Amy is settling in just fine," I told Steve while looking at him.

The smile on Steve's face subsided a bit and the room got quite again.

Amy turned her head and looked at me.

"What?" I said with some shortness.

"Master, I need to go to the restroom," Amy said sheepishly.

"Already!" I replied.

"Sorry master," Amy responded.

"Get up!" I said to Dawn and Amy as I stood up and pulled on each of their leashes bringing them to a standing position.

"Go!" I said to them.

Everyone had been to John and Carol's house before so we knew where the bathroom was. I waited for Dawn and Amy to walk around me and lead the way to the bathroom. I followed behind as they walked across the room. I noticed the men looking at their perfect asses hanging out from the thongs that weren't really there anymore. The bathroom was at the end of the big room in the house. I walked up to the door and opened it, Dawn and Amy entered and I followed. Once we were inside the bathroom Dawn and Amy couldn't suppress the laughter any more, but they kept it quite.

"Did you see everyone's faces," Dawn blurted out.

"How much longer are you two going to keep this up?" I asked them.

Once they stopped giggling Amy said, "as long as we can."

"I don't know if I can keep it up girls, I am about to bust every time one of you does something."

Dawn leaned into me and grabbed my cock through the leather shorts.

"I think you can keep it up if we can, besides it is making me really horny," Dawn said.

"Me too," Amy said.

"Well, if you don't stop rubbing my crotch everyone is going to see more than your asses hanging out."

"So?" Dawn said with a smile.

"So, later maybe," I told them.

"I have an idea guys!" Amy blurted out with excitement.

"What?" Dawn asked.

"James acted like he was pissed at me for asking to go to the restroom...," Amy said.

"So do you have to go?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, but in a second. I have an idea that should really get everyone's attention."

Amy pulled the tiny thong down and set down on the toilet and peed while she explained the idea.

"James I want you to smack me on the ass real hard, hard enough it makes a noise and leaves a big hand print."

"Amy that may be a little much," I replied.

"No really. Everyone will think you spanked my ass because I had to go to the restroom and for not asking permission to talk to Steve," Amy replied.

"I think that would be cool!" Dawn replied.

"Amy are you sure, I don't want to hurt you."

"Don't worry about it James, I love having my ass spanked while having sex so I won't mind it now, in fact, it will turn me on."

"You never told me that," I said.

"I have to keep some secrets."

"Okay, if you insist," I told her. "Dawn are you okay with this?"

"I think it will really shut everyone up. We just need to make sure everyone hears it," Dawn said.

"Smack my ass hard, let me bend over first so you can get a good shot," Amy told me.

"Okay," I said to Amy as she turned and leaned over and put her hands on the counter top.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
I positioned myself behind her and raised my hand and smacked her alabaster white ass with some force.

"Owww," Amy tried to stifle.

It made a sound like a gun going off. Amy stood up quickly and rubbed her ass.

"I think you enjoyed that a little too much James," she said smiling at me.

"Did I hurt you Amy?"

"No," and she reached up and pulled my head down to meet her lips and gave me a big kiss.

We were sure everyone heard it. We waited a minute while watching Amy's ass begin to glow with a bright red hand print on her right ass cheek.

"Let's go," Dawn said. "Amy make sure you turn with your back to everyone for a second before you sit back down."

I opened the door and Dawn and Amy led the way out of the bathroom. I looked at Amy and she had managed to get her eyes to tear up. As we emerged people began to talk suddenly pretending to have been talking all along. The girls led as I followed holding the two leashes in one hand. Dawn and Amy walked around the sofa we had been sitting on and slowly turned and paused before they sat down.

"Sit," I said.

Each turned to sit, Amy went out of her way to bend and stick her ass in Jack's face. Her ass was glowing with a big red hand print. I heard a small gasp from Karen. They each sat, leaned over and picked up their glass from the coffee table and resumed their stoic positions. I couldn't believe these two vixens.

"James can I see you for a minute?" John asked.

"Sure," I said as I handed Amy and Dawn each other's leashes.

I got up and John led me to the kitchen.

"James what is going on with you and Dawn and Amy?" he asked with a concerned look on his face. "You all are scaring the hell out of everyone here!"

"Things have changed around the house since the last party. Amy moved in and I decided that Dawn and Amy were getting a little too wild," I said with as much composure as I could.

"I don't know what to say, I hope it wasn't because of the last party," John said with a real look of concern on his face.

"I just needed to remind Dawn that there are limits and I didn't want the two of them to get out of hand tonight."

John thought for a minute then said, "You all are really putting a damper on things."

"Don't worry John."

"Well at least take the girls some food," John said with a little disgust.

"I'll get them some food would you take them the drinks?"

"Sure," John replied.

I mixed up two strong drinks for Dawn and Amy, not that they needed them. I grabbed each of them a plate and selected several snacks for them then John and I returned to the sofa. John handed Dawn and Amy their drinks and I handed each of them a plate.

"Thank you John, thank you master," they replied.

"You may eat," I said.

We really were putting a damper on the party but it was hilarious. Dawn and Amy each selected a small sandwich from the plate and ate in unison. Karen was sitting beside Amy when she leaned back and looked over at me with an angry look. I turned my head toward her so no one could see and gave Karen a wink. Karen first looked puzzled but still angry and then she smiled with a quick realization.

"We need fresh drinks," Karen said and she stood up and grabbed Jack by the arm.

Jack and Karen headed to the bar in the kitchen. I knew Karen had caught on and was sure she was about to tell Jack. I watched the two of them in the kitchen as Karen whispered to Jack. They got fresh drinks and headed back. I looked at the two of them, Jack had a sly smile on his face and so did Karen. When they returned to the sofa Jack sat beside Amy and Karen sat on the end. With Jack and Karen in on it now I was wondering how this party was going to turn out.

I looked at Amy she had just picked up a chip to scoop up some cheese dip I had gotten them both. As Amy brought the chip to her mouth a glob of the hot cheese dip dripped off the chip and landed right on top of her breast right at the edge of her bra.

"Oww, that's hot!" Amy let out.

I knew it was warm, but it was not that hot.

Dawn turned and leaned over and licked the cheese up slowly.. Then Dawn reached up with a finger and pulled the edge of Amy's bra away and licked what had run down inside. She pulled Amy's bra out enough that I knew Jack got a good look at her huge areolas that were barely covered. Everyone looked on intently as Dawn licked Amy's breast.

"Thank you ma'am," Amy said to Dawn.

I gave the leashes a gently tug. Amy picked up her drink filled with ice and held it to her breast where the cheese had fallen. Now I knew they were hamming it up. Amy then reached up with the other hand and pulled the top edge of her lacey top down so that half her nipple was exposed and rubbed the cold glass over the area. I thought I was going to give it all away I was about to crack up.

Amy and Dawn returned to eating, I looked around and half the people were staring at Amy. Dawn picked up a whipped cream filled mini-clair I had gotten for them, she bit into it in such a way that the whipped cream squirted out the end, I almost shook my head but didn't. Dawn had managed to get the whipped cream to land on her stomach, the front of her thong and on her thighs, these two were up to no good.

Amy turned and leaned over and slowly licked the whipped cream off Dawn's belly and then she moved down and licked the whipped cream that had fallen on Dawn's thighs up. Amy then stuck her tongue out as far as she could so everyone could see and slowly licked the whipped cream from the front of Dawn's thong. After too much time Amy sat up and her and Dawn continued to eat their snacks. Once again the room was silent; Dawn and Amy were looking down at their plates and eating. I could see some bulges beginning to form in some of the guy's thin outfits.

Everyone kept looking and whispering as they watched Dawn and Amy. Once Dawn had finished eating she set her plate on the table in front of the sofa. As she leaned back against the sofa she slid her left hand up along my leg and gave it a squeeze before she returned both her hands to her lap. I wasn't sure what this signal meant but I was sure it was for something.

Amy leaned forward to pick up her drink from the table and as she was leaning back, Dawn leaned forward to pick up her drink. As she did she hit Amy's elbow purposefully knocking Amy's drink to one side. Amy managed to spill some of her rum and Coke all over her breasts.

"Oh shit, that's cold!" Amy exclaimed.

"I'm sorry Amy, let me help," Dawn said.

"She can clean it up herself Dawn!" I told her and gave her chain a jerk sitting her back down.

"Here, I can help," Karen said with a sharp tongue.

Karen stood up and bent over to help Amy wipe the sticky drink off her chest. Karen had on a baby doll outfit, just panties and a thin top that only went down to her belly. She bent way over and proceeded to use her napkin to wipe the drink off Amy. As Karen was wiping she gave me a quick glance and winked.

"James, she is all sticky, can I take her to the bathroom and clean her up?"

"Yes, here!" I handed Karen the end of Amy's leash.

Amy got up and Karen walked her to the bathroom.

"Sorry master, it was my fault," Dawn said sheepishly.

Just to see what happened I said, "You know what you get don't you?"

"Yes master," Dawn said as she turned toward me.

I reached up and slid Dawn's wings off. "You don't deserve these!" I said as I removed her wings and set them beside the sofa.

"Now get over here!"

Dawn leaned over my lap and laid face down. Without a pause I smacked her on the ass just like I had Amy. 

'Pow!'

I couldn't help but notice how Dawn's beautifully tanned ass was sticking up with the thin piece of material of her thong disappearing into the crack of her ass.

"James, that is enough!" Carol exclaimed.

Dawn sat back up complacently.

"Carol! Don't get into their business," John scolded his wife and then looked at me pissed.

Carol stormed off to the kitchen pulling John behind her. I could see they were having a heated discussion in the kitchen. Several of the other couples had turned and were whispering to each other again. I was thinking this may have gone too far. 

Several minutes went by and I heard Karen and Amy returning. Karen sat down and Amy sat beside Dawn. Looking at her thin red lace top I could see it was wet and everyone could see her nipples through it.

"Are you cleaned up now Amy?" I asked.

"Yes master, but my top is all wet and cold now master," Amy replied.

"I suggest you take it off then," I told her.

She reached up and grasped the clasp where the top closed in the front and unhooked it. She then pulled the top away and her massive D cups spilled out. 

"Thank you master," she said as she completely removed the top and handed it to me.

I heard several muffled gasp from around the room, a quick look and I saw all the men staring at Amy's tits. Among our little group Amy was definitely the best endowed.

Carol and John returned from the kitchen in a huff. Carol had a look like she was about to ask us to leave.

"James...," then she saw Amy sitting topless, "Uh...uh...no more spanking Dawn and Amy," Carol stammered.

"I don't know Carol, I think a good spanking keeps a woman in line," I said as I looked her straight in the eyes and waited.

Everyone was more interested in Amy's huge breasts than what I said to Carol. Jack was sitting beside her and he was definitely staring at her nipples.

"I like being spanked," Katrina chimed in.

There were 6 of us that knew Katrina liked being spanked though Katrina didn't know that.

"John, maybe you need to give Carol a good spanking occasionally to keep her in line," I said to John.

"James!" John replied.

"James, if John spanked me like that I would..." 

"You would what Carol! Get turned on a little maybe? John have you ever spanked Carol?" I replied cutting Carol off.

"No...I haven't!" John said as he looked at Carol.

"Maybe she needs one right now!" I said to John.

"James! You better watch yourself!" Carol replied.

"Or what you uptight bitch!" I replied.

There were a couple of gasp that went around the room.

"I am not going to put up with this! I am not going to stand her and watch you beat those two women! Get out!" Carol yelled.

Dawn had a hand on my leg and she squeezed hard and looked at me.

"It's okay we deserved it," Dawn and Amy responded trying to calm Carol.

"No it's not! Get out of my house!" Carol was yelling as everyone looked on.

"Shut up Carol!" John said.

"What?!" Carol replied.

"Shut up or I will give you a spanking!" John yelled at Carol.

"The hell you will! I want him out of my house now!" Carol exclaimed.

I got up and pulled Dawn and Amy to their feet, I knew this had gone too far.

"Sit down James!" John said.

"No, I want him out!" Carol yelled.

"I said shut up Carol!" John told her.

And with that he pushed Carol so that she was bent over the top of the other sofa lying on top of Katrina and Joe. Then with one hand John grabbed the panties of Carol's outfit and ripped them down her legs.

"John what the hell do you think you are doing!" Carol exclaimed.

"Something I should have done a long time ago!" John said.

And with that he gave Carol's ass a smart slap.

"Owww, you bastard! Let me up!"

'Pow!' And John smacked her ass again.

"Damn it John, you better stop!" Carol screamed with a whimper.

"Or what!" John said.

"If...if...if...you don't stop I'll...," Carol whimpered out.

"You won't do shit!" John said as he reached up and grabbed a handful of Carol's hair and pulled her head back hard.

"John...," Carol let out with a whimper.

"Come with me bitch!" John said as he snatched Carol up off the sofa.

John had Carol's hair in one hand and her arm in the other as he led her down the hallway. They disappeared into their bedroom and John slammed the door.

A few seconds went by then 'Pow!', someone got their ass slapped again.

Dawn, Amy and I sat back down. Everyone in the room was quite.

A muffled "No more John," came from the direction of the bedroom.

I had to do something fast, I got up and went to the kitchen. I found the can of whipped cream Carol had used on the clairs. I returned to were Amy and Dawn were sitting.

"Amy!" I yelled.

"Yes master," she replied.

"Since you like spilling your food all over yourself get over her and lie on the table." I said to her.

Dawn and Amy looked at me with shock. As I leaned over and took my hand to rake everything off the long coffee table between the two sofas everyone quickly grabbed their drinks and plates.

"Lie down on your back, now!" I told Amy.

"Yes...master," she replied.

Amy got up and sat in the middle of the coffee table and turned and lay down so that she was face up. Her huge tits spread out as she laid back, Amy brought her arms up to her side to push them back up some. There was Amy with all that red hair and white skin laying face up on the table in front of everyone. I took the can of whipped cream and began squirting it all over her. I squirted several mounds onto each nipple and then around her breast. I squirted it all over her stomach then her thighs and legs and then I spread a big mound on the thin red lace covering her crotch.

"Now everyone gets to lick up your mess!" I said as I stood.

Everyone had stopped looking down the hall and was looking first at me and then at Amy now covered in whipped cream. They were all trying to figure out what was going on. I turned and walked over to the bar and picked up a jar of cherries. I returned to the center of the room took out some cherries and placed one on top of each nipple and one on top of the mound of whip cream on her crotch. Then I poured the rest of the cherries and the sticky red syrup all over Amy's body from head to toe.

"Eat everybody!" I said.

Without hesitation Dawn leaned forward and began to lick the thick red syrup from Amy's lips and face. As slowly and seductively as she could she cleaned all the syrup from Amy's face and then licked her lips before she opened her mouth and planted a big kiss on Amy's lips as she sucked the syrup off. Everyone was stunned as they watched.

"Go ahead everyone, my treat," I told them.

Liz leaned forward from the other sofa and began to lick the whipped cream off Amy's belly. Steve leaned forward and began to lick it off Amy's chest. Joe and Katrina got up from the loveseat over by the wall and walked around to where I was standing. Joe sat down on the sofa, Katrina curled up on the floor at the end of the coffee table. Joe wasn't going to be bashful, I am sure at Katrina's prompting. He leaned over and plucked the cherry from Amy's left breast with his mouth.

Dawn looked up at me and winked with a big smile on her face. Steve was working his way down to Amy's right breast. He and Joe began slowly licking the whipped cream from each of Amy's breasts. I looked at Amy, she smiled at me and then closed her eyes to enjoy. Katrina had begun licking the whipped cream from one of Amy's feet and was then slowly working her way up her left leg, I was a bit surprised at her. 

Keith and his wife Elizabeth were sitting beside Liz and Steve on the other sofa. Keith leaned forward and started licking Amy's belly slowly working his way down, Elizabeth started at Amy's right foot and was slowly working her way up Amy's right leg. I was curious to see who was going to get to the cherry on Amy's crotch first.

Dawn bent over again and slowly began sucking on Amy's lips again. Jack stuck a hand toward me and motioned for me to give him the can of whipped cream. As Dawn was bent over Jack took the can of whipped cream and squirted a long line from Dawn's bra strap down to the top of her ass then handed the can back to me. Dawn had sat up a little when the cold whipped cream hit her skin but she bent back over and continued to suck on Amy's lips and tongue. Jack then bent over and slowly began to lick the whipped cream from Dawn's back starting at her bra strap. Everyone had moved around the table and sofa and was watching the action. Finally the party seemed to be getting exciting.

Keith was the first to reach the mound of whipped cream on Amy's thong. He slowly licked up the cream and then began to clean off all that was remaining from the lace. He was paying special attention to deep between her legs. I looked over at Jack and he was nearing the top of Dawn's ass. I was wondering if Dawn was thinking that it was me who was licking her back clean. As Katrina and Elizabeth were finishing off the cream on Amy's legs and Keith was still cleaning up her crotch when Amy spread her legs slightly. Keith turned so that he could tongue Amy's pussy through the thong, I was surprised, Elizabeth had stopped and was watching Keith.

About the time Amy was thoroughly cleaned off we hear "Oh! John harder!" Coming from the bedroom.

Now Dawn and I had heard that exclamation before when we watched John doing Carol over the sex chair.

"Harder, harder, fuck me!" We all heard.

I guess Carol had enjoyed her spanking after all.

As I looked back down at Amy I saw Katrina slip her hands up and grab the tiny thong on Amy and slowly pull it down her legs. Once she had it down to her feet she pulled it free and tossed it on the floor. 'Where was this going' I thought. Katrina began to rub up and down Amy's legs, Amy moaned slightly. I took the can of whipped cream and squirted it all over Amy's mound of red hair, her pussy lips and her inner thighs. Amy jumped slightly from the cold feeling. I was curious to see if Katrina would be the one to lick it all up.

There had been plenty of pussy eating when Katrina, Joe, Karen, Jack, Liz and Steve where at the house before but I was intent on seeing if Amy was going to get her pussy eaten and by whom. Several off the other couples that had been at the first party watched on in amazement. I guess it would be up to one of us 8 to start things rolling.

Joe slowly bent back over and began to lick the whipped cream from Amy's mound of red hair. Katrina leaned forward and with her head next to Joe's she began to lick up the cream that I had squirted between Amy's thighs. The two of them licked slowly, I looked up at everyone else and their eyes were focused on Amy, Katrina and Joe. 

As I looked around I saw that Sam had a big handful of one of Olivia's breasts, she was rubbing Sam's cock through his pants. I could see that Olivia had huge nipples that were now erect and protruding through her thin dress. David had slipped a hand up under his wife Julie's pajama top and was caressing one of her breasts. Several other breasts were being rubbed along with a few cocks.

"Oh John! Harder, harder...I'm coming!," came from down the hall.

Joe and Katrina continued to clean Amy's crotch. Joe had done an excellent job of cleaning everything from Amy's red mound, Katrina was finishing off her thighs. Joe raised his head and Katrina gave Amy's pussy lips a few licks to get the remaining whip cream then kissed Amy on the pussy and sat up.

"She looks all clean to me," Katrina said.

For those that had not been at the other party they looked shocked to see Joe and Katrina do this, they hadn't experienced the wild side of Katrina like some of us had seen.

"Who's next?" Katrina asked as she stood up.

"How about you Katrina," Dawn asked.

I had seen Katrina naked and she was hot but I knew the rest of the guys would really get hard if she stripped her clothes off. I knew everyone was thinking 'not this stuck up bitch'.

"Sure," Katrina said.

And with that Amy reached up and I grabbed one hand, Keith grabbed the other and we helped her up.

"I am sticky again," Amy said.

"No problem," Karen said as she got up and headed to the bathroom.

"My turn now James?" Katrina asked while looking at me.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"If you want but you will have to come out of that dress unless you want me to make a mess of it," I said.

Katrina's dress was just held up by the shoulder straps. It was down to the crack of her ass in the back and down to her belly button in the front.

"No problem," Katrina said as she reached up and pulled the shoulder straps off her shoulders and let the silky dress slide down to her feet.

Wow was all I could still think when I saw Katrina. Her tall frame with her nice perky B breasts and all that long auburn her and perfect ass. To my surprise Katrina had shaved her pussy, that was different than before, god she looked amazing. She turned and sat down in the middle of the table, Keith and I grabbed a hand as she laid back. Her long legs hung off the table more than Amy's but her pert breasts were doing a good job of sticking straight up.

"James will you do the honors please," she said as she lay down.

I could feel my cock getting hard as I leaned over and began to mound whipped cream on Katrina's breast. I continued to cover her all over and paid special attention to her crotch and thighs. I took plenty of time doing my job, as I finished Katrina gave me a wink.

As I finished up Dawn walked up beside me and said, "Here!," as she handed me a bottle of chocolate syrup she had found in the kitchen, it was cold.

I turned the bottle over and began to make a sundae out of Katrina's tits and pussy.

"She is ready!" I said.

"I want all the men to come over and clean me off," Katrina said. "Come on!"

Most of the guys were frozen in their tracks staring at Katrina's hot body, they couldn't believe Katrina was doing this. Several of the women gave their guys a push. The other ladies got up off the sofas and motioned for all the guys to sit down. Joe had moved to the end of the table at Katrina's feet. 

Joe, Steve, Jack, David and Keith were sitting around Katrina, all gazing at her body.

About that time Karen returned from the bathroom carrying two wet towels. Amy was standing near the head of the table. Dawn took one of the wet towels and her and Karen started cleaning off Amy's body. I watched as the two of them rubbed every inch of Amy's body down.

"Go ahead Jack," Karen said.

"You too Steve," Liz said.

The men looked at their wives and then looked at Katrina and each began to slowly clean the whipped cream and chocolate sauce from Katrina. The other guys joined in, Katrina had 5 guys licking her clean. Sam and Olivia were still standing behind the sofa watching. Sam was still rubbing Olivia's breasts and Olivia had a good grasp on Sam's now rock hard cock.

"What's going on?" I heard.

Carol and John were standing behind me. John now just had on a pair of boxers; Carol was very mussed up and was still wearing her black lingerie. She hadn't bothered to replace the panties John had ripped off.

"We are just having desert," I told them.

"Oh," was all I got from Carol.

"Second round, Amy was first," Dawn said to Carol and John.

Carol and John looked over as Karen was finishing cleaning off Amy. They had a look like they had missed something in the conversation.

"I need a drink," said Carol and her and John headed to the kitchen.

As Carol walked away from everyone with John I could see cum running down the inside of her legs. I could also see two big red hand prints on each of Carol's ass cheeks.

"James why don't you help," Dawn said.

"My work is finished," I said.

"Then come over here and sit down on the loveseat." Dawn said as Amy sat down on one side and Karen set on the other.

It was a big loveseat so I walked over and sat down in the middle. As soon as I sat down Dawn sat down in my lap and put her arms around me. She was sitting with her back to Amy and facing Karen.

"Karen said she wants to fuck you," Dawn whispered in my ear.

"What...," I muttered, I couldn't believe Dawn had said that.

"She told me she had asked you about coming over to the house when I wasn't around," Dawn said while looking into my eyes.

I looked at Karen and she was looking at my expressions.

"What have you two been talking about?" I asked her.

"When we were talking on the phone about the New Year's Eve party she told me," Dawn replied. "She just brought it up again and I told her I would ask if you wanted to fuck her."

"Dawn, what are you doing?"

"I am asking if you want to fuck her," Dawn said louder so Karen would hear.

"Dawn this is not the time or place."

I looked over at Karen and she was looking at me.

"She won't do it, she just talks a good show," Dawn whispered in my ear.

"Then why are you saying this in front of her?" I whispered back.

"Just to see what she does."

"What about Jack?" I asked Karen.

"He won't mind, he has watched me get fucked before," Karen said.

Dawn turned to look at Karen when she said that.

"I don't know Dawn, we need to talk about this," I said, somewhat feeling Dawn really was getting a little out of hand.

"Will see," Dawn said to Karen.

Not that I wouldn't like to fuck Karen but now I was wondering what kind of relationship her and Jack had. Just the thought of doing Karen was not helping my erection problem.

"I see you like the idea," Dawn said as she slipped a hand down and began massaging my now stiffening cock. Dawn turned and looked a Karen while she was rubbing my cock.

"Dawn, we'll talk about this later," I said.

"He said maybe," Dawn said as she turned and looked at Karen.

"Dawn."

"Just teasing," she said back in my ear as she continued to rub my cock.

I looked over at the party on the table. Two guys were busily tonguing Katrina's now cleaned nipples and to my amazement Keith had his head buried up between Katrina's legs 'cleaning' her pussy. Keith's wife Elizabeth was eagerly watching from behind. She had slipped a hand down to her crotch and was beginning to rub.

I felt Dawn's hand reach inside my shorts and grasp my still growing cock firmly. I could see that John had a handful of Carol's ass as they looked on sipping their drinks.

As the men finished cleaning up Katrina she thanked them and said that it had been fun. Several of the men helped her off the table and she walked to the bathroom followed by Joe. The two of them were in the bathroom a very long time before them came back out. When they returned Katrina picked up her dress and slipped it back on for the rest of the party.

The party went on until about three in the morning. Before it was over everyone was pretty buzzed. A lot of couples sitting around groping each other had continued after Katrina had been finished off for dessert. Some cocks had been pulled out and some tops removed exposing plenty of breasts. A few couples had disappeared into several of the bedrooms to return later looking thoroughly fucked. Except for Amy and Katrina's public demonstration the rest of the crowd seemed content to flash some body parts and do some heavy petting in public.

The party started breaking up about 3:00 A.M. Some of the couples that hadn't been drinking all night filtered out and got in their cars and went home after some coffee. Three of the other couples were staying with John and Carol that night. I called the limo driver about 3:30 and he said he would be there at 4:00. When the last two couples found out we were going to stay at a hotel in town they asked if they could get a ride to the hotel with us, they knew they were too drunk to drive.

Just before the limo arrived Amy was looking for her underwear and couldn't find it, I suspected someone had taken it as a souvenir. Dawn and Amy retrieved their capes from Carol. I ask Amy if she was going to be okay with no clothes. She showed me that her red cape was large enough to pull all the way around her and if she held it in the front she would be okay. I doubted she would keep it closed.

The limo arrived right at 4:00. Everyone said their goodbyes and told John and Carol how great the party had been and we all headed out to the limo. The driver was holding the door open as everyone piled into the limo. As Amy started to enter she let go of the front of her cape while she got in then sat down with her cape all wrapped around her. The driver got a real eyeful as he watched her, Dawn got in then I got in last. The others climbed in and the driver put the other couples bags in the trunk and we were on our way to the hotel about 20 minutes away.

During the ride to the hotel there was a lot of carrying on and some grab ass between the other two couples, they were pretty wasted. Dawn, Amy and I had plenty to drink but were not wasted. Amy made a small effort in trying to cover herself.

"Did everyone have fun tonight," the limo driver asked as we drove.

"The party went well," I told him.

"Yes, we all had lots of fun!" One of the other wives said.

"Looks like it," the driver said.

When we arrived at the hotel we all climbed out of the car. Amy was doing a little better job of not flashing everyone but at 4 in the morning there weren't many people around. Dawn insisted that I put her angel wings back on her then Amy told me to hook up their leashes again before we went into the hotel. Our bunch was a site to see, the guys all had on skimpy outfits and the ladies were all wearing very revealing outfits. The driver got the other couples bags out of the trunk and they headed inside. I had told the driver to keep my small bag in the trunk because it had all of our ID's and my wallet in it. I settled up with the driver and gave him a very large tip, he was more than grateful and told me to call for him again sometime.

Dawn and Amy insisted on playing the submissive part again. Dawn was making no effort to close her cape even though it was a little cool. Amy had her cape pulled together for the time being. We entered the hotel and walked over to the check-in. The one clerk that was on duty was checking the other two couples in, he was already trying to catch glimpses of the other ladies. He looked our direction to say he would be right with us and saw that Dawn and Amy were on a leash then his jaw dropped when he saw Dawn's lingerie under her cape. He paused for a minute as he watched forgetting what he was doing.

"No hurry," I said to him as we reached the counter.

He finally finished with the others and came down the counter to us.

"I have a reservation," I said to him and gave him my name.

"Yes sir!" He said as he gave Dawn another long look.

There were several people wandering around in the lobby, they appeared to be coming from the bar. As Dawn and Amy stood facing the clerk while he was trying to check us in I saw Amy relax her grip on the front of her cape. She let it open up several inches, the clerk caught a glance of the skin showing through the opening revealing the deep cleavage between Amy's tits. He then slowly looked down and got a glimpse of the red hair covering her pussy. I almost laughed out loud, the guy was frozen.

"Did you find my reservation?" I asked to break his stare.

"Uh...yes sir, right here," he said as he fumbled.

"I have a suite with one king size bed...is that correct?" He asked while looking at me with a puzzled look.

"Yes...one bed, that is right," I said just to confirm his thinking.

"Yes sir!" He answered as he turned to finish entering the information in the computer.

I watched as Amy slowly let the opening of her cape get bigger, exposing a lot of her huge tits but still covering her nipples.

"Uh...sir, I need your credit card please," he asked while looking at Amy.

The poor guy looked like a well under paid night clerk, I doubted if he had ever seen anything like our group checking in before. I really doubted if he had seen anything as hot as Amy except in pictures. I dug my wallet out of the bag and handed him my credit card.

"Here you go," I had to say so he would stop looking at Amy.

"Thank you," the clerk said.

While he was running my credit card a couple came out of the bar and was heading toward the elevators, they stopped to look. The guy couldn't see much of Dawn and Amy because they were not facing him but the woman was looking me up and down. I had kind of forgotten what I must look like.

"Everything is ready as you ordered sir," the clerk said as he handed my credit card back.

"Thank you."

I popped the leashes and Dawn and Amy turned and headed toward the elevator lobby. When the two of them turned the guy that had been looking saw Dawn and Amy as they came toward him, his eyes got huge and his jaw dropped. Amy had pretty much let go of the cape and was walking across the lobby of this fancy hotel exposing her breasts and pussy to anyone that wanted to see as her cape blew back. The see through lingerie that Dawn had on wasn't leaving much to the guy's imagination either. The lady he was with gave him a shove and he snapped out of his stare and they headed toward the elevators also. I was going to make sure we got on the same elevator they did.

When we all reached the elevators the couple was looking so much they didn't even press the call button. I reached over and pressed it so we could get an elevator. The elevator dinged and the door opened.

"Come!" I said with a jerk on the leashes just for effect.

The other coupled stumbled into the elevator, we followed. The guy had forgotten to push the button for his floor.

"What floor?" I asked them.

"Uh...ten please," the guy responded.

I pushed the ten button then pushed the penthouse floor button for us. It was a slow ride up to the tenth floor. When the door opened Amy and Dawn had strategically placed themselves in front of the door blocking their exit.

"Move!!" I said as I gave a hard enough pull on the leashes to actually pull the two girls away from the door.

They were not expecting that and they both almost stumbled as I pulled them aside. The guy and woman slipped around us and as they exited the elevator they both turned and looked one last time as the door closed.

"That was a little hard James!" Dawn said as she turned and gave me a hard stare.

Then we all started laughing.

"I thought the guy's eyes were going to pop out," Amy said.

"Well you flashed everyone in the building Amy," I told her.

"Just a little, you don't mind do you master," Amy said as she turned and looked at me very seductively.

"I don't mind what you two do anymore," I said.

"Good," Dawn replied.

When we reached our floor we were all still giggling. We walked down the hall I still had their leashes because I was sure someone had run to the security cameras and was watching. Dawn and Amy were letting it all hang out as we walked down the hall. I couldn't help but notice the camera in the ceiling at the end of the hall pointing right at us. I was sure there would be plenty of people reviewing the recording the next day. 

I inserted the keycard in the lock, when I got to the door open Dawn and Amy walked in.

"Damn!" Amy said as she walked in.

"What?" Dawn asked.

"This is the biggest hotel room I have ever seen!"

"Only the best for my Angel and my Devil!" I told them. "You don't mind just one bed do you Amy?"

"Hell no! Just so I can get some sleep, I am exhausted."

Amy and Dawn took off their capes and threw them in a chair. Dawn started peeling off her lingerie. In a minute my two beauties were walking around fully naked. I was already getting stiff from their act in the lobby but watching these two gorgeous women was having its effect on me.

"Thanks for the good time tonight honey," Dawn said as she approached me. "Did you mind the way we acted at the party?"

Dawn looked down and saw my cock swelling and then placed a hand on it.

"You look like you could use some help, did you get all turned on at the party," Dawn asked.

"At the party yes, but right now just the sight of you two is turning me on."

Dawn reached up and took off my hat then unbuckled the leather chaps I had on and let them fall to the floor. Then she reached inside the leather shorts and slowly pulled them down to the floor. On the way back up she paused and kissed the end of my cock.

"Amy, it looks like James needs some relief," Dawn said as she stood up.

"I have been watching that thing poke out of your pants all night," Amy said as she walked toward us.

When Amy reached Dawn I grabbed each one by a hand and led them to the bed.

"We will take care of you honey, just relax," Dawn said as she pushed me down on the bed.

I lay down on the bed a little tired but relaxed. Dawn climbed up on the bed beside me and grasped my now erect cock and gently pumped it. Amy crawled up on the other side and also grabbed my cock, the two of them were stroking it up and down together. It felt so good and I was so tired that I closed my eyes and just enjoyed. I soon felt a pair of lips on the head of cock, I didn't look to see who it was I really didn't care.

Soon the lips were sliding up and down my shaft and I felt a tongue swirling around the head of my cock, it felt wonderful. A hand was still pumping up and down. I felt the lips slide further down moving toward the base of my shaft and then they began to move up and down. Lying there thinking about the party and Dawn and Amy I had been hard most of the night, I knew I wouldn't last long.

After several minutes there was shifting around on the bed, the mouth disappeared but quickly came back, I could tell that it was a different mouth. A hand returned and the mouth began bobbing up and down on my cock. Slowly I felt lips slide all the way down, I could feel the head of my cock bumping into the back of someone's throat. It was Amy, Dawn still had trouble taking me so deep into her mouth, it felt so good. The mouth continued to engulf my shaft and bob up and down banging into a throat.

I laid there for a long time enjoying this sensation slowly feeling my balls start to swell. A hand clasped my balls and began to massage them. The mouth began to suck harder as it moved up and down faster. I could feel the tension rising in my muscles. I slowly began to move my hips up to meet the sucking action. The mouth moved up and down faster. I began to thrust my hips up harder to meet each downward swallow. The hand began to massage my balls more and more, I was about to come hard. I felt the mouth slide up to the end of my cock and felt the tip of a tongue inserted into the opening tasting the precum that was oozing out. The feeling of the tongue was pushing me over the edge. 

I moaned as I felt the contraction began in my balls. The mouth started moving all the way up and down again. I felt the mouth moan, I thrust up with one hard motion jamming my cock into it as I started coming. I then felt the mouth go all the way down to the base of my cock, the head slipping down a throat. As my cock slid down the throat I began to come hard pumping a load down the throat, it felt so great. I pumped more and more as my hips jerked.

After I was spent, my hips fell back on the bed and I opened my eyes. I was amazed to see that it was Dawn that had taken my cock down her throat. I knew she had been trying harder to do it lately but I was still amazed.

"Damn Dawn!" I said. "You have never been able to do that!"

"She slipped her mouth up and off the end of my cock and said, "I have gotten some pointers from Amy."

"You haven't been practicing on someone else have you?" I asked with a smile.

"No!" Dawn said.

"That was incredible honey, thanks Amy."

"Can we get some sleep now?" Dawn asked.

I sat up and Dawn and Amy pulled the covers down the bed. Dawn turned off the lights in the room and she got in bed on one side of me and Amy got in on the other. Life couldn't be any better. Amy reached over and turned off the one lamp beside the bed. 

"Good night you two," I said.

"Good night," came from both of them.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
I woke up slowly in the morning feeling someone rubbing my cock.

"Good morning sleepy head," I heard Dawn say.

I focused and looked down and Dawn was sitting straddle my legs stroking my hard-on up and down.

"Good morning," Amy said as I turned to see her sitting beside me.

"Did you have a good night's sleep?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, sorry, I was exhausted," I said.

"Are you exhausted now?" Dawn asked.

"No, just trying to focus," I said.

"Okay," Dawn said as she slide her way up so she was straddling my cock.

Dawn lowered herself down so that her pussy was able to slide up and down my cock lying on my belly. She slowly slid herself up and down rubbing her clit against my cock.

"It's our turn this morning," Dawn said to me.

I could feel the sensation of her warm soft pussy lips slowly sliding from the top of my cock down to the base. Dawn knew this really turned me on and she loved rubbing her clit against my cock this way.

"What about you Amy?" I asked as I looked at her.

"I know what I want," Amy replied.

Amy slowly sat up on her knees in the bed then she lifted one leg and straddled my head and lowered herself so that her pussy was just above my lips while she faced the headboard. I stuck out my tongue and began to slowly lick up and down her lips.

"That's what I want," Amy said and lowered herself just a little more.

I could now drive my tongue into her pussy, as I did she lowered herself down some more. I was probing and digging in her pussy with my tongue.

"Oh yes!" Amy said.

As I was probing Amy's hole I felt Dawn rise up and grab my cock. She lifted it up and placed it at the entrance of her pussy then she slowly slid herself all the way down. The sensation of having my cock in Dawn's pussy and looking at Amy's beautiful pussy sitting on my face was wild. Dawn began to slowly slide herself up and down, Amy began grinding her pussy into my mouth. I reached up with both hands and grabbed each side of Amy's ass so I could control her. I lifted her up slightly so I could tongue her swelling clit.

"Oh yes!" Amy cried out.

I continued to concentrate on Amy's pussy. I tongued her as deep as I could, licked her lips and sucked on her clit, I could feel her juices beginning to flow on my face. I opened my eyes to look and Amy had grasped both her nipples and was pulling and twisting them. Her head was thrown back as she slowly moved her hips so her pussy slid up and down on my mouth. We all continued this action for a long time.

Dawn had changed to swiveling her hips as she got closer and closer to the edge. Amy had bent over and was holding herself up on the headboard of the bed as she sank deeper into ecstasy. I could hear loud moans coming from both my girls. I felt Dawn lean forward as far as she could changing the angle so she could pump her hips up and down. Dawn began to pump and slam herself down on my cock as hard and fast as she could. Since Amy had leaned forward I could now suck on her clit, it was driving her crazy.

I felt Dawn's pussy tighten as she began to moan louder with each thrust. I could feel my on orgasm building. Harder and harder Dawn pumped, harder and harder I sucked Amy's clit. Amy began to cry out now as she slowly started to jerk. I slid a hand under Amy's ass and fingered her pussy lips getting my fingers all wet. As I fingered Amy's pussy lips she began to jerk a little more. I slowly slid my hand back and began to probe Amy's asshole with the tip of my finger.

"Oh god!" Was what I heard from Amy.

I slipped the end of my finger into her tight asshole and pushed, shoving it quickly all the way in.

"Oh my god, yes!!" Amy let out.

I probed around in Amy's ass and I could feel her muscles tightening. I flicked her clit with my tongue as I sucked it.

"Oh my god, I am going to come!!" Amy yelled out.

She began to jerk her pussy against my mouth, I held on to her. Right about the time I felt her going over the edge I bit down on her clit softly.

"Oh shit!!" Amy yelled as she began her orgasm.

Amy jerked and jerked while I held on to her clit. I felt her orgasm convulse her muscles, wave after wave. She came on my face, nothing like Dawn's squirting but the juices ran into my mouth and I released her clit and began to lick the juices out of her pussy. She would jerk each time I licked the length of her pussy.

"Oh my god!!" Amy exclaimed as she slumped forward.

I pulled my finger out of her ass and slowly began kissing her pussy lips.

Dawn was hammering away on my cock.

"Oh, oh, oh!" Came from Dawn.

I felt her pussy muscles clamp down. My balls began to contract hard. I grabbed Amy's ass and held on as Dawn assaulted my cock. I was about to come in Dawn.

"I'm coming!!" Dawn yelled as she tensed up and began her orgasm.

Just as I felt Dawn's first deep wave of muscle contractions I let go. I could feel my cum filling Dawn's pussy.

"Oh yes!!" Dawn yelled as she began to jerk her hips on my cock. "Oh yes!!"

Dawn jammed her pussy down on my cock. I could feel her pussy walls contracting over and over and then I felt Dawn collapse forward into Amy. Amy came to life and looked down at me. I looked into her eyes, she looked completely satisfied. She slowly slipped her wet pussy off my mouth as she rose up on her knees. I felt Dawn prop herself up on her hands.

"Oh James that was wonderful," Amy said. 

I could now smile at her and wink. I felt Dawn sit up, her pussy still twitching as my cock began to soften some. Dawn slowly pulled herself off my cock and crawled up beside me, Amy was moving to the other side so she could curl up on the other side. We stayed this way for a long time while I held my girls.

"I'm hungry," Dawn said.

"Me too," replied Amy.

"I think we missed breakfast downstairs," I told them.

"Let's get something to eat," Dawn replied.

"Check the mini fridge," I told her.

"I don't want hotel mini-bar snacks," Dawn said as she sat up.

"Check it anyway," I told her.

Dawn got up and headed toward the mini fridge.

"But I still want some real food," she said as she reached the mini fridge.

"Oh!" I heard Dawn say. "Come here Amy!" 

What the two of them didn't know was that I had the hotel put two bottles of champagne and a large bowl of chocolate covered strawberries and cherries in the mini fridge. They had taken all the other stuff out at my request so it would fit in.

"This looks good," came from Amy.

I watched as they each bent over and reached inside the fridge. When they rose up Dawn had a bottle of champagne and three champagne glasses. Amy was holding a very large silver bowl of strawberries and cherries.

"Did you do this James?" Amy asked.

"Just for you two," I said as they approached the bed.

"This looks yummy," Dawn said to Amy.

I sat up on the bed as they got there. Dawn handed me the bottle of champagne as she sat down and Amy sat the big bowl in the middle of the bed.

"You're sweet!" Dawn said as she leaned forward and kissed me.

Amy had picked up one of the chocolate covered cherries from the bowl and slipped it between her lips. She then plucked it from the stem.

"Oh, it's so cold," Amy said and began chewing the cherry.

I was slowly working on opening the champagne, 'Pop!' went the cork. Dawn reached out with one glass and I filled it, she handed it to Amy then I filled the other two. As I took my glass I couldn't help but look down and see Dawn's pussy covered with her juices and my cum oozing out. As I looked up Dawn caught my gaze.

"Here, let me have a strawberry," Dawn said as she reached for the bowl.

Dawn selected a nice large strawberry, brought it to her lips and licked at the chocolate on it as she gazed into my eyes. Slowly and seductively she took a bite out of the strawberry. She worked it around in her mouth still looking into my eyes chewed and swallowed. 

"I think it is missing something," Dawn said.

She then took the strawberry from her mouth and lowered it between her legs. She took the strawberry and slid it across her pussy covering it with as much cum as she could get on it. She slowly brought it back up to her mouth while still gazing into my eyes and took another large bite of the cum covered strawberry.

"Umm! That's what it needed," Dawn said while rolling the strawberry around in her mouth.

"Can I have some?" I heard Amy ask.

Dawn moved so she could spread her legs farther apart. Amy picked up a strawberry and reached between Dawn's legs and slid it around on her pussy and then scooped up some cum that had run down her thigh.

"You are right, just what it needed," Amy said after taking a big bite.

Dawn and Amy giggled with excitement.

As we sipped the champagne I said, "Why don't you two lay back and let me feed you breakfast."

"That sounds great," Dawn said.

Dawn and Amy moved around on the bed so they were half laying and half sitting up against the head of the bed and spread their legs apart. I placed the big bowl between Dawn's feet. I filled all the glasses up with more champagne.

"Drink up!" I said.

I reached back and selected another large strawberry from the bowl. I took the tip of it and slowly slid it up Dawn's leg until I reached her pussy. I placed the tip of the strawberry on her swollen lips and pushed a little while I slid it up and down. Since Dawn had moved more cum was oozing from her pussy. I scooped up as much cum as I could then placed the strawberry at Dawn's mouth, she bit off the tip. I then placed it on Amy's lips and she took a big bite out of it. I took the rest of it in my mouth and bit off what was left.

I reached over to the bowl and got a large handful of cherries. I pulled the stem off one and reached over and rubbed in on Dawn's cum oozing pussy.

"Umm, that feels nice, it's cold," Dawn said.

As I slid the cherry up and down one more time, I took my finger and pushed it inside of Dawn's pussy.

"Oh!" Dawn let out.

I took another cherry and removed the stem and did the same thing. Dawn looked at me smiling. I shoved about 10 cold cherries into to Dawn's pussy then I grabbed another hand full and did the same thing to Amy.

"Now what? Amy asked.

"I want to watch you two fish them out with your tongue," I said.

"Oh goody!" Dawn said.

With that Dawn and Amy slipped down the bed, Amy turned around and rolled over on top of Dawn so they were in a 69. I lay down on the bed with my head at the end behind Dawn's. I wanted to watch my wife eat and suck the melted chocolate and cherries out of Amy's pussy. Dawn didn't hesitate to begin digging her tongue into Amy's pussy. As I watched she managed to fish one and then another out. Amy began contracting her pussy muscles pushing one cherry after another out. Some cherry juice began to run out of Amy's pussy, I guessed she was beginning to clamp down hard to squeeze the juice from the fruit.

Dawn licked and sucked and continued to dig the cherries out as they started to come out a little crushed. Dawn's breath was coming in short gasp. The feeling of Amy's mouth on her pussy plus the cold cherries was more than she could take. Both of the girls began to moan and cry out. My cock was getting very hard watching. I watched as Dawn wrapped her arms around Amy's ass and pulled her down onto her mouth while she sucked as hard as she could. I had lost count of the cherries, I didn't know if they had all come out or not. Dawn didn't care she was working as hard as she could to get Amy to another orgasm.

I watched as Amy's body shook when she began her orgasm, Dawn was not far behind. They both jerked and moaned as the other kept trying to tongue the other's swollen pussy. They each had a huge orgasm then wilted on the bed.

"Oh that was great!" Dawn said.

"Well, this should be better!" I said as I slid around to the end of the bed.

I spread Amy's legs further apart and I positioned myself so that my cock was inches away from Dawn's face and pushed at the entrance of Amy's pussy lips. Amy was already wet so I slowly began to slip in. Amy gasped a little as I entered her. The head of my cock slid into her pussy along with several inches of my cock. I suddenly felt Dawn's tongue licking the bottom of my cock. I pushed forward more prying her swollen lips apart. Her pussy was so swollen it was very tight. I continued to feel Dawn licking the bottom of my shaft as I pierced Amy with it.

"Oh James!" Amy cried.

I pushed forward more until I was almost all the way into her, she was so tight and cold from the cherries. As I felt resistance at the end I pulled out some and began to work in and out to get her to loosen up. With each stroke in and out Dawn ran her tongue along my cock. The sensation was mind blowing. As I worked Amy's pussy I was finally able to push all the way in until my balls touched. Dawn was licking my balls as I pushed in and held myself, I wanted to have Dawn watch as my cock slid in and out of Amy.

I began to pump Amy with a good long stroking rhythm, Amy moaned and groaned as I did. Her pussy was growing even wetter and slicker. With Dawn licking my shaft as it went in and out I knew I wasn't going to be able to last long. Amy began moaning more, I didn't think I would last long enough to get her to an orgasm but she seemed to still be hot from Dawn's cherry eating. I began to pump faster and faster. I could feel my thighs banging into Dawn's head and my balls raking over her face each time I thrust in and out.

As tight as Amy already was I began to feel her pussy muscles contract around my cock. I could feel myself beginning to build to an orgasm. I pumped as fast and as hard as I could without knocking Dawn's head around. Amy moaned some more as she tried to push back against me. I forgot all about Dawn and began slamming Amy's pussy. I felt my balls begin to tighten with several more thrust then I let go and began to pump cum deep into Amy's pussy. Amy pushed back as I did and her back arched up and down several times. I thrust in and held it as I felt Amy's pussy muscle convulsing and milking my cock of every last drop.

My contractions finally stopped while I held myself inside Amy. Remembering Dawn was under all this I slowly pulled my cock out of Amy's pussy. I looked down and watched as Dawn licked the bottom of my cock as it exited Amy. As soon as it came out with a plop my cum began to leak out of Amy's pussy and down into Dawn's waiting mouth. Dawn licked at Amy's lips as more cum came out, each time Dawn licked Amy jerked. Dawn reached up and wrapped her arms around Amy's ass again and pulled her head up and began to suck and lick all the cum from her.

"Oh god Dawn! I can't stand it!" Amy screamed as Dawn licked and sucked.

Amy began to buck her hips against Dawn's mouth, Dawn hung on.

"Dawn!!" Amy screamed as she jerked.

Amy jerked one time real hard and then began to scream and shake. I knew her pussy must have been tender but she was rocked by another huge orgasm. Dawn, knowing the tenderness of her pussy finally removed her mouth. Amy's just sort of melted on top of her. 

As I stood and watched all this my mind was racing, full of all the thoughts of what had happened over the last month or so secretly hoping it would never end.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 08|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-08|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>After the Halloween party things settled down some. This is a short recall of something that happened the next week, it came to create a special relationship with Amy. I put this in the category of "loving wives" because it really doesn't fit any other category, I continued to be amazed at Dawn's generosity.</I>

Alone with Amy

The week after the Halloween party the three of us had a lot of laughs, Amy had said she wished there had been cameras at the party like at the house. Dawn and I had gotten a lot of emails from the others telling us how crazy we had acted and how wild the party had been. I agreed with Amy that I wish we did have some pictures of the way they acted at the party.

Amy had been asked to work the night shift that week to cover for someone, she hated it but said the other girl would owe her a big favor now. Dawn and I had the house to ourselves at night with Amy working. John had called Monday and asked Dawn if she would come in for a big surgery on Wednesday.

Tuesday evening Dawn and I had a long passionate love making session, we enjoyed it just being the two of us for the night. While we were lying in bed holding each other Dawn rolled toward me.

"Would you really fuck Karen if you had the chance?"

"Dawn, why are you bringing this up again, we haven't talked about things like this."

"Let's talk now."

"Dawn, do you want me to have sex with other women now?"

"I'm just curious, you have sex with Amy."

"But that's different."

"How?" Dawn asked.

"It just is."

"No it's not," Dawn replied.

"Dawn what are you getting at?"

"I just want to know if you would like to fuck other women that's all?"

"Well yes, sure I would, but that is normal for any man."

"Is there any of our friends you would like to fuck?"

"Sure...but I am not going to go around asking them if I can fuck them, not like you told Karen that I might fuck her. Why are you asking me this?"

"Just curious."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yes, don't you like the idea of fucking Karen?"

"I like the idea of fucking any of the beautiful women we know, I just don't understand you."

"Karen really has the hots for you, she told me she really wants you."

"So what if all your friends want to fuck me?"

"That might be okay."

"Dawn, really."

There was a long pause from Dawn as she looked into my eyes.

"James, I have to admit, it really excites me watching you fuck other women."

"Why, the only other woman you have watched is Amy?"

"I just like to watch and get hot knowing how the other woman feels with your big long cock sliding in and out of her. It makes me so hot, I can actually feel what the other woman is feeling when you are fucking her sometimes."

"But what's up with Karen?"

"I think Karen is full of shit, she is a tease, I don't think she would actually go through with it."

"So why are you asking me about it?"

"I just want to see what Karen does if I tell her you will do it."

"So what do you get out of this deal?"

"What do you mean?" Dawn asked?

"What about Jack, I am sure he expects something in return if she does go through it, does he get to fuck you?"

"Karen says that is not what they are into, she said Jack likes to watch her get fucked and fuck her after it, I don't believe she has ever done it, I think she is just talk."

"So you don't want to fuck Jack as part of this deal?"

"No...not now...maybe, but I have a surprise for Karen."

"What would that be?"

"She has never been with another woman."

"So you want to do Karen?"

"Yes, she is hot like you said."

"Dawn, I am not sure about this."

"I am okay with if you are okay with it."

"Maybe I guess, but let me ask you something?"

"What?"

"Do you think Amy will feel left out?"

"No, she won't care, she will want to watch though, Amy really gets turned on watching us."

"Okay, if you're good with this and Jack doesn't expect to get to fuck you."

A long pause.

"James?"

"What?"

"What if I wanted to fuck Jack?"

"Is that what this is really about?"

"No, I just want to know."

"That is not something I am ready for yet Dawn, if it is something you want to do we need to talk about it more."

"Let's talk about it more later, I need some sleep since I am working tomorrow."

"Okay."

Dawn snuggled up to me and fell asleep in a few minutes; I didn't sleep much that night, I laid awake thinking about the conversation we had. When Dawn's alarm went off early she jumped out of bed, no blowjob this time of the morning, she always had to get up very early on the days she had surgery. I was still lying there awake when she came out of the bathroom to get dressed.

"Are you awake?"

"Yes, just watching my beautiful wife get dressed."

"You are so sweet, I love you so much James," Dawn said as she came over and sat on the bed and kissed me.

"If you are awake you could get up and fix Amy something to eat, she will be home in an hour or so."

"That sounds like a good idea she really hates working the night shift."

"She would appreciate it...and any other attention you can give her," Dawn said as she kissed me again and returned to putting her clothes on.

I wondered how tired Amy would be when she got home.

I went ahead and got up and showered so I could meet Amy about 7:00. Dawn had finished getting ready by the time I came out and kissed me before she headed out the door. It was still before 6:00 so I went down to the kitchen and started coffee and waited for Amy. She finally got home about 6:45.

"Hello my pretty girl," I said to Amy as she closed the door.

"What are you doing up?"

"Dawn went in for a surgery so I got up to fix you something to eat if you want it."

"Why thank you."

"I have coffee ready if you want some, what would you like to eat?"

"Coffee please. I still eat breakfast when I come in early in the mornings."

"How is the night shift going?" I asked as I poured a cup for Amy.

"It sucks but Cheryl is going to owe me big time."

"Who fills in for you during the day?"

"It's no trouble getting someone to work during the day just filling in at night."

"I hope you are not getting too tired."

"I'm okay, I used to work nights and doubles before."

"Good, I don't want you to get tired."

I fixed Amy the breakfast she wanted and sat with her while she ate and we talked.

"Thanks for breakfast James," Amy said as she finished.

"You are welcome, you going to bed now?"

"Only if you are coming with me, I'll be up for hours. You want to go to bed with me now?"

"That sounds like an offer."

"Anytime, you know that."

"I'll take you up on that offer," I said.

"Oh good, I need a good fuck. Let me go take a shower and cleanup first."

"I will be right here."

Amy almost ran up the stairs pulling her scrubs off as she went. Amy and I hadn't had sex alone since the first time at the party, I felt a little excited again. I cleaned up the kitchen while I waited for Amy. 

"James."

I looked up and saw Amy standing at the top of the stairs wearing a see through top.

"You look hot."

"Can you come up to my bedroom?"

"Be right there."

I went up the stairs as Amy turned and walked down the hall. When I got to her bedroom door I saw her lying on her bed waiting.

"I want to spend time with you in bed if that is okay," Amy said.

"Perfect, just tell me what you would like."

Amy paused for a moment then looked at me softly.

"Would you just make slow passionate love to me?"

"It would be my pleasure," I said as I sat down on the bed next to her.

I paused to just look at this beautiful woman. Amy knew I liked her hair wet so she had only toweled it dry. There she was with her head on the pillow and her perfect body on display, her pink areolas peeking through the sheer white material of her top. I looked down at her smooth stomach and then at her patch of red hair below the bottom of the sheer top. I placed my hand on her thigh and slid it up and down a few times feeling her silky smooth skin. 

"You are so beautiful."

"Thank you," Amy replied as she watched my hand move slowly up and down her bare thigh.

I took my time slowly touching and feeling Amy's body as I sat there, something I had never done before. Her alabaster skin was silky smooth and soft and felt wonderful as I explored every inch of her body. Amy had a few chills run through her body as I took plenty of time lightly stroking different areas of her body, I became aroused at the sight and feel of her perfectly smooth skin. As I took my finger tips and explored the details of her face she closed her eyes and moaned softly. After exploring every detail of her face I ran my fingers through all her long red hair.

"James you are turning me on so much," Amy said a little breathlessly.

"Do you like this?"

"Yes, your touch feels so soft and sexy."

I leaned forward and kissed Amy deeply on the lips. We explored each other's mouth with our tongues. Our lips parted and I began to softly kiss her cheeks and then down to her neck, kissing the sides softly as I went.

"Mmmm."

I spent about 20 minutes just kissing Amy's body tenderly from her head down to her toes. Amy was moaning softly as I continued. I slowly kissed my way back up to her perfect mouth and lips.

"Oh my god James, I have never experienced anything like this."

"Shall I continue?"

"If you kiss me like that anymore I will have an orgasm."

"That would be a first for me," I told her as I kissed her lips softly.

"James I want you now, make love to me."

Make love to me, that is what Amy said. I had never made love to Amy, it had always been wild sex. I was going to make love to her now.

"My pleasure."

I stood and removed my clothes, my cock was already hard. I sat back down on the bed next to Amy, she reached up and began rubbing my body sensuously. After Amy was finished exploring me with her hands she set up in the bed and pulled the sheer top over her head. Once she had it off I embraced her and kissed her softly on the lips as I laid her slowly back to the bed lying on top of her kissing her deeply. I moved up beside her on the bed and lay next to her as I softly stroked the skin of her breasts and stomach. I was making love to Amy like I made love to Dawn. I moved my hands to her thighs and stroked the tender flesh of her legs and then began to softly run my fingers over her hips and mound. I felt Amy tense as my hands explored her mound and her red tuft.

Amy spread her legs slightly so I could explore lower. I ran my fingers down to her pussy lips, she was dripping juices.

"Amy you are so wet already."

"Oh James, your touch and kisses are turning me on."

"I'm glad, I really enjoy this."

I took the tips of my fingers and stroked her soft outer lips as gently as I could. Soft moans came from Amy. I barely penetrated her lips, they were so wet my fingers easily slipped up and down their inner full length. Amy exhaled deeply.

Amy's pussy was soaking wet as I stroked her lips. I probed a little deeper and Amy moaned again softly. Sliding the tips of my fingers up and down the full length of her labia only increased the juices flowing from her pussy and her moaning. I took my time just feeling and exploring her tender flesh, I was thinking that I wish I had done this before and that I would make sure I did again.

"James, I need you now. I need you in me now."

I moved slowly and easily between Amy's legs as I spread them. I was on my knees between her beautiful alabaster legs, I lifted her knees up and spread her legs open. The color of her skin and her pink labia was such a beautiful sight. I reached to the top of the bed and retrieved a large pillow, Amy lifted her hips from the bed as I slipped it under her.

"Take me slow please."

I moved closer to Amy's body, I reached for my cock and pointed it at Amy's opening, easing the tip up to her waiting flesh, Amy moaned. I pushed forward slightly as I moved the head of my cock up and down the length of her pussy, another moan. I guided the head forward and eased into Amy, first the head parted her lips then a few inches slipped in. Amy was wet and relaxed.

"Oh yes," came from Amy softly.

I pushed forward more, slipping a few more inches into her waiting heat.

"Perfect," Amy breathed out.

I released the hold I had on my cock and placed my hands on Amy's hips and eased forward slowly in one long push.

"Oh my god," came from Amy as she inhaled sharply.

I continued to slide in until I felt resistance. I was almost completely in Amy when I felt the tip of my cock press against her cervix. I waited, Amy was completely relaxed, I had slipped easily into her with her wetness. I pulled out a few inches and slowly slipped back in, over and over, very slowly I continued, each time I went in a little further. She moaned softly as I continued for a long time. Each time I slipped slowly out and back in Amy seemed to become more absorbed in the moment.

I looked down at Amy as I continued and she was looking into my eyes with a very loving look, an expression I hadn't seen from her before when we were having sex. As my eyes locked with hers she looked at me with such a loving expression I wasn't sure what to make of it.

"Oh James that feels so good," she said as she looked into my eyes.

"Is this what you want?"

"Oh yes, please continue..."

I pulled out in long strokes and l slipped back in, over and over, no thrusting, just long deep wet strokes. Amy just laid there and moaned softly while she enjoyed the long slow gentle attention. She would close her eyes for a few minutes while I stroked her then open them up and look at me again.

"Oh this feels so wonderful, I can't believe it."

"You tell me what you want, I want to please you," I told her.

"This is such a loving and sexy feeling James, please take your time with me."

The gentleness of our love making was very sensuous, I was enjoying taking my time with Amy and watching her as she reacted. Amy was moaning softly as I kept up the slow in and out penetrations for a very long time. As the minutes went by the speed of Amy's breathing slowly increased as she just let slow sex wash over her.

I suddenly felt Amy's inner muscles twitching, I sped up my long strokes just slightly.

"Mmmmmmm."

"Amy you are so beautiful," I told her as I stroked her legs with my hands.

'Thank you James...I love what you are doing."

Amy moved her hands to her breast and softly rubbed and massaged them. My eyes were still locked with Amy's emerald green eyes staring straight into mine. We stayed this way as I continued to stroke in out of her wetness. Amy was lost in her gaze as she massaged her breasts softly. I pushed in deeper meeting her soft resistance over and over.

"Mmmm...so good...so good."

After a little longer Amy's inner muscles went from twitching to pulsing and squeezing my cock as she looked at me. I placed my hands under Amy's knees and lifted her legs up slightly allowing me to push in a little further.

"Oh my god James, that feels so good."

Amy's muscles contracted around my cock for a few seconds as I kept up my gentle pace causing her pussy to become tighter.

"Oh James this feels so good, please keep doing it."

Amy began stroking the skin of her stomach, pulling at it as I felt her tension build. I lifted Amy's legs further up and leaned into her, pushing in as far as I could and then pulling out and pushing all the way back in. A deep moan escaped from Amy as I felt her insides contract hard several times.

"Oh James...I can't believe it, I am about to come!"

I leaned forward more, putting pressure against her pussy lips and clit each time I went all the way in. Amy had started to squeeze her breasts hard now. I kept up a good gentle thrusting pace and pressed into Amy.

"Oh my god, I'm coming, I can't believe it!"

Amy's stomach muscles spasmed revealing her orgasm as it began gently flowing through her body.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!"

Amy's body tensed hard and I felt her pussy squeeze my cock, then the juices began flowing out of her pussy. I pushed in and held every inch inside of her, her hips jerked up a few times gently.

"Oh yes, oh god!"

I felt more of Amy's juices running down my legs as she clamped down on my cock again.

"Ohhhh, oh yes!"

Amy bit her lip and thrust her hips up a few times then jerked really hard before she went limp, I eased back from her depths slightly. She remained motionless with her pussy muscles squeezing my cock while she had her eyes closed and moaning softly.

"Oh my god James, that was incredible, I have never felt like that."

"Shall I continue?"

"Oh yes please, again."

I repositioned myself slightly, grabbed Amy's legs and placed each of her feet over each shoulder. As I eased into her again and wrapped my arms around her knees and forced her legs together so her pussy would be tighter. I thrust in and out of her with a little more speed.

"Mmmm, that feels so good."

I continued this pace for a while as I watched Amy absorbed in the sensation. Amy began to squirm again. As she began to squirm more and more I sped up.

"James!"

"Yes Amy."

"Faster!"

I sped up to a good thrusting speed as Amy began to thrash her head around. I pulled her legs tighter to my body so I could push in deeper with each stroke, her pussy was so wet and tight now. A few minutes went by and I could feel the pulses began to move through her pussy, slowly beginning to clamp down on my shaft.

"Oh yes, that's it!"

Amy was trying to buck her hips as best she could to meet each of my strokes. I sped up and push harder and deeper.

"Oh yes!"

Amy's body went tense again as she jerked hard several times.

"Oh god yes!"

Amy began pounding her head back on the bed over and over as her orgasm rocked her body.

"Ummmm, oh James!" Came from Amy over and over in gasps.

Amy jerked a few more times and then I felt her legs go soft. I slowly lowered her legs back down so she could relax. I stayed between her legs and held my hard cock inside her.

"Oh James, that was great, I have never come so hard from such gentle sex. You are fantastic."

"Is that what you wanted?"

"Oh yes, yes, I wanted you to make love to me and you did, so gently."

"Are you happy?"

"Almost."

"What do you want now my lady."

"I want you to come in me, it didn't turn you on enough to come."

"Amy, that really turned me on, don't kid yourself, I have been working hard to not fill you up. You look so incredible and feel so incredible, I feel very turned on."

"Then come in me now, fuck me."

I grabbed Amy's thighs and pulled her close and began to push in and out of her in long hard strokes. My cock was already twitching from watching this lovely woman orgasm over and over. I didn't want to break the spell by pounding into her flesh, I picked up where I had left off now that Amy was satisfied.

"Oh James, give it to me!"

I thrust in and out in long stimulating strokes, just the right speed and tempo. I let my orgasm build as Amy began to moan and thrash around again, I was going to continue until she was in the throes of another orgasm.

"Oh god yes James that feels so wonderful!" Amy gasped.

"You feel so good inside Amy, I want you to come again."

I felt her tense up again, I sped up more.

"Mmmmm!"

My muscles were beginning to tighten up, I felt like I would explode because I had held back so long.

"Oh, James I'm coming!"

I pulled Amy's thighs harder into me and thrust all the way in and out, I was straining to hold back.

"Oh James, now!!" Amy screamed.

Amy's pussy clamped down hard, I shoved everything I had into her and released everything I was holding back.

"Ahhhhhhh!" I screamed as contractions ran through my groin.

I was actually jerking with each shot of cum I dumped into Amy.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh god James!!" Amy screamed.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!" I let out with each contraction.

I felt my cum filling her pussy and then running out around my cock. My cock continued to contract but nothing was left to come out. My legs began to tremble and I had to let go of Amy's. I slowly leaned forward and gently fell on top of her. She reached up and wrapped her arms around my neck and held me close. We were both breathing hard as we lay together, her breasts were warm and sweaty against my body. Amy pulled my head down and gave me a long deep passionate kiss.

"Oh James that was so wonderful."

"Amy you are wonderful also."

We rolled onto our sides and held each other for a long time. Amy gently stroked my face as she looked at me. We both eventually recovered and were breathing easier.

"Amy is that what you wanted?"

"Exactly," Amy said as I looked into her eyes.

When I looked into Amy's eyes I saw them begin to tear up.

"What's wrong Amy?"

"It's...I have never been made love to like that before, I enjoyed it so much."

"Then what is the problem?"

"I feel like I have missed something in my life."

"No you haven't. Amy this is new to all of us, you haven't missed anything you just haven't experienced everything yet."

"But I never knew that sex could be like that, so gentle and so loving."

"Amy you never knew what to ask for so now you do, that's what life is all about. From now on I will be gentle and slow with you when you want it."

"James you are too good to me, you and Dawn are so good to me, I love you both."

"Amy, when you have sex you need to be in control and ask for what you want, do you understand?"

"Yes...I do now."

Amy kissed me deeply and wrapped her arms around me again. I stayed with her until she fell asleep. I got up slowly from the bed later and covered her and left.

After getting some more clothes from my bedroom I returned downstairs. I sat down on the sofa in the den and did some thinking. I was concerned with the way Amy had reacted, I wondered if Dawn and I were doing the right thing involving her in our relationship. Maybe she should be out exploring life on her on and not involved with us. Sex with her was incredible but now I had to do some thinking and talk to Dawn.

"James...James..."

I felt someone shaking me.

"...what...?"

"Wake up sleepy head."

It was Dawn.

"What time is it...," I said trying to wake up.

"About 4:00, I got home early, you okay?"

"Yes, just taking a nap."

Dawn kissed me and sat on the sofa until I was sitting up. I had fallen asleep on the sofa after thinking about Amy then working on the pool all day.

"Did you fix Amy breakfast this morning?"

"Yes...yes I did," still trying to shake the cobwebs out of head.

"Good, I bet she appreciated it."

"She did."

"Anything else you want to tell me about."

"Not right now honey, glad you are home early." I said as I was finally waking up.

"I'm going upstairs to get cleaned up and change clothes, be back soon."

Dawn walked away, I had to get some coffee or something. I went to the kitchen, there was coffee left from that morning but I didn't want it, I decided on a beer. I knew Dawn would want to know if Amy and I had had sex but I really didn't want to tell her about what had happened, not yet, I was slightly worried she would be jealous. I couldn't lie to her, we didn't do that. I went back to the sofa with my beer and turned the TV on.

Dawn returned and sat down beside me in just a big t-shirt while I was lost in thought.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing, just day dreaming."

Dawn took my beer and had a sip.

"So, did you fix Amy anything else besides breakfast?"

"Oh yes, we had some fun this morning before she went to sleep."

"Good, is she doing okay?"

"Yes, she is okay, just ready to get off the night shift."

"I'm glad you two had some time together, you can tell me about it later,"

Thank god, I said to myself. Dawn curled up next to me on the sofa. We sat quietly for a long time.

"James, you are being awful quiet, you sure everything is okay?"

"Yes, just something we need to talk about later."

"Okay. I better get dinner started before Amy gets up."

"I'll help."

We got up and went to the kitchen and started dinner. About an hour later we had everything ready.

"Why don't you go and see if Amy is up," Dawn said.

I went up the stairs and down the hall to Amy's room. I knocked on her door but didn't get a reply.

"Amy," I said as I opened the door.

Amy walked out of the bathroom naked rubbing a towel in her hair.

"What James?"

"I wanted to make sure you were up, we have dinner almost ready."

"Okay. James, why did you knock on my door?"

"I don't know."

"You don't have to knock on my door."

"I know, my head is just someplace else."

I turned and left Amy's bedroom. I really was thinking about that morning. I needed to talk to Dawn.

Amy came down to the kitchen about 15 minutes later.

"Hey Amy, ready for work?" Dawn said.

"I guess, be glad when this is over."

We sat at the bar in the kitchen and ate, Amy was looking at me with a concerned look. I tried not to look back at her but I didn't want Dawn to see how distracted I was. We finished eating, Amy gave me a deep kiss before she left for work.

"Honey you seem a little distracted."

"I need to show you something."

"What?"

"Let's go sit, I want you to watch something."

Dawn and I went and sat on the sofa so I could show her the recording from the morning.

"Is this you and Amy today?" Dawn asked with some excitement.

"Yes it is."

"Oh good!"

I started the video and we sat and watched it for an hour or so, I sat nervously as Dawn watched.

"Oh god James that was so hot, I need you to fuck me now!"

"Dawn, I want to talk to you about it."

"Fuck me now, talk later!"

"No, really Dawn."

Dawn looked at me concerned.

"What is it James?

"Did you hear what Amy said?"

"Did I miss something, it looked like incredibly hot sex like we have."

"Amy said she wanted me to make love to her, that doesn't bother you?"

"She just wanted you James, that's all."

"But what about what she said at the end, she said she loved us. I am concerned that maybe her living here is not the best thing for her. She should be out finding someone to fall in love with."

"Oh James, you just made incredible love to her, even she said that she had never had that before, women react that way."

"Dawn, the only person I make love to is you, I just have sex with Amy."

"It's just an expression James."

"I know but it made me think about everything that has happened with Amy, I had never thought of it as making love to her."

Dawn leaned over and wrapped her arms around me and kissed me.

"James I know I'm the only person you love, but you are an incredible man that makes sure a woman is always pleased."

"I just wanted to make sure you knew that honey, you don't mind the way we had sex?"

"No, it was beautiful. James you made love to her, like you do me."

"And you don't mind, I was afraid you might be jealous."

"Honey, I don't care how many women you have sex with or 'make love' to, I know you will always love me. It makes me incredibly hot to watch you please another woman like that."

Dawn kissed me again.

"Now, take me upstairs and make love to me."
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 09|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-09|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Chapter 09

Dawn springs a big surprise</strong>

I had been outside most of the day cleaning the fallen leaves from the pool and patio. It was the first week of November and the leaves were falling and I hadn't covered the pool and now I was paying for it. Except for going inside to eat lunch I had been out all day getting things ready for fall, I finished late in the afternoon and went in to clean up.

"Why don't you let the pool guy do that?" Dawn asked as I came inside.

"I just wanted to do it. We will have to start covering the pool. What have you been doing all day?"

"Not much, reading email and talking on the phone, what would you like for dinner?"

"I don't care."

"Let me make you something special, Amy is going out with some of the other nurses after work."

"Fix whatever you like honey, I am going to go shower."

When I returned from the shower things smelled good. Dawn was busy in the kitchen, I knew she was fixing something special. I walked up behind her and gave her a hug and a kiss on the neck.

"You sure are working hard, what is the occasion?"

"Nothing special I just wanted to fix you a nice dinner since we are alone."

"It smells good."

"Grab a beer and go watch TV, it will be ready it a little while."

"Okay. I think I'll go catch up on my email."

I grabbed a beer and went to the study to check my email. There was plenty of spam to wander through but I had several emails. John had sent one about the Halloween party, I replied to it and pulled one up from Katrina, I was surprised. She wanted to tell me she enjoyed me making her a chocolate sundae at the party. I told her I enjoyed it and looked forward to doing something similar in the future. Jack sent one, he wanted to tell me again how much he and Karen enjoyed the videos I had made of them. He let me know that he and Karen really got off on being recorded and they enjoyed knowing we had a video of them. He closed by saying they couldn't what until the next time. I emailed him back and reminded him that they could come over anytime and I would give them a DVD of them having sex and that we would enjoy watching it also.

I was surfing the internet when Dawn came in and told me dinner was ready. When we went out she had set the table and had candles lit and dinner ready.

"Well this looks very nice."

"Sit and enjoy."

We ate and drank wine and talked. The dinner was excellent, when I offered to help clean up Dawn told me she would take care of it. I took advantage of it and went to find a good movie for us to watch. When Dawn finished she came over and curled up beside me with a glass of wine. I started the movie and we watched it until about 9:00.

"What time will Amy be home?" I asked.

"It's Friday night I imagine she will be late. You want to go to bed?"

"Sounds like a good idea."

We went to the bedroom; I started pulling Dawn's clothes off as we went up the stairs.

"You in a hurry?" Dawn kidded me.

"No, you just deserve something special for that excellent dinner."

"Oh that sounds good!"

We had each other undressed quickly and climbed on the bed. Dawn was acting really passionate as well as horny, she was doing all the work and I was fine with that. Eventually she had me on my back and was on top of me doing one of her long slow fucks. As I watched her I could tell she was deep into it, head thrown back, rubbing and squeezing her breasts. She went on like this until she had several orgasms and then she began slamming herself up and down like crazy to get me to come. I let her work for it as she moaned and screamed through another orgasm until I was ready.

"Oh god James, come in me now!!"

I thrust up to meet her and we came together in a huge explosion then Dawn fell forward on me and laid while she regained her breath.

"You seem awful horny tonight." I said.

"Mmmm!"

"What has got you so hot today?"

Dawn pushed herself up so she was sitting up with my softening cock still inside her and began rubbing my chest, I knew I was in trouble.

"Uh, oh," I said.

I knew something was up, anytime Dawn was like this and started rubbing my chest something was on her mind or she wanted something. She flipped her hair back over her shoulder and looked at me.

"What is it? What has got you so hot?"

Dawn continued to look at me and rub my chest for a minute.

"What is it Dawn?"

Dawn looked deep in my eyes and said, "I want to ask you for something."

"It must really be something."

I looked back into Dawn's eyes as a she looked at me.

"Would you fuck Karen?"

"I told you before that I thought Karen was hot and I liked the thought of fucking her."

"No, I mean would you fuck her, would you fuck her if I asked you to?"

Now I was surprised, she really must have something on her mind.

"I think you better tell me what is going on."

"Well, while you were outside today I was on the phone with Karen most of the day again."

"Again?"

"Yes, we have been talking on and off since the Halloween party."

"About what?"

"She has been telling me how great her and Jack's sex life has been since the bar-b-cue. She said Jack gets really turned on each time they watch their video. After we talked a lot I found out that Jack gets off if they are being watched while having sex."

"So he is like you."

"James! Karen said that when they get the opportunity they go out and have sex in public places like in their car in busy parking lot. They also have sex with all the lights on in their bedroom with the curtains open so their neighbors can watch."

"What, do the neighbors come look in their windows?"

"No, you have been to their house you know how close the houses are together in their neighborhood. She says the couple next door watches from their upstairs bedroom while they have sex, they have been doing it for years."

"That sounds like fun, have they ever invited the neighbors over?"

"Oh no, I told you that Karen is all talk."

"Then why did you tell me she said she wanted to fuck me?"

"She was a little drunk at the party when she said it and I knew she was full of shit. I have known Karen a longtime and you know we are good friends but I know she talks a lot and acts wild so I called her bluff."

"So what is going on now, why did you ask me if she won't do it?"

"She told me something else."

"Should I ask what?"

"You probably won't believe this but she told me about something that happened several years back..."

Dawn went on to tell me everything Karen had told her. It seems that Karen and Jack had a very active sex life together and that they had always openly talked about each other's fantasies and sometimes acted on them like having sex where other people might see them. Karen had told her that one of their fantasies came true when they were at the house and they got to run around naked in front of everyone else. She told Dawn that one of the things they did during sex was talk about their fantasies before they had sex or even during sex and that they had always done this since they were married and they really enjoyed it.

"So what does this have to do with you wanting me to fuck Karen, do they want to have a foursome or something?"

"No, not really."

"What does not really mean?"

"You can't tell anyone what I am going to tell you."

"Okay."

"Karen told me that one of Jack's ongoing fantasies is watching her get fucked by another man and that he tells her detailed stories about his fantasies of watching her get fucked."

"So they do want to have a foursome."

"Let me finish. That is the odd thing, she said Jack has never expressed any desire to fuck anyone but her. Karen even hinted at a threesome with another woman and he wasn't interested."

"So Karen wants a threesome?"

"No... that's something else I need to tell you about, you won't believe this part. After they had been married a few years she said she got used to Jack telling her about fantasizing about her getting fucked by another man but he never pressed her to do it, he just got off thinking about. After they had been married about two years they were having dinner with a couple they had known for a while and something happened. They had the other couple over for dinner one night and after dinner they had been playing cards, guys against the girls, you know."

"So what happened?"

"Well, I have to tell you who the other couple is first, but you can never say anything about it."

"Is it someone we know?"

"Yes, Jeff and Liz."

"I know they have known each other a long time, what happened?"

"She said that they all had been drinking wine and just having fun. After her and Liz had beat Jeff and Jack several times at spades Jack suggested they play a different game."

"Let me guess, strip poker."

"Yes. Karen didn't know what to say when Jack suggested it, she didn't think Liz would go along with it but Jeff and Liz said that it sounded like fun so Karen went along. You know the rest, eventually they were all sitting around naked and Karen thought that was it and that after Jeff and Liz left her and Jack could have hot sex."

"But that's not what happened was it?"

"No. Jeff had said that since no one had any clothes left what was the bet for the next hand. James you won't believe this. Jack had the cards and he told Jeff that if he won he got to fuck Karen. Karen said she was shocked and thought Jack was just kidding. She told me that Jeff looked at Jack and told him that a bet like that was up to Karen and Liz not him."

Karen said Jack looked at her and winked, she looked down and saw he had a huge erection and knew where this was coming from. She had had too much wine and agreed to it thinking there was only one chance in four that Jeff would win. Jeff asked what Jack got if he won. Jack said that if he won they got to watch him and Liz fuck.

"I have a feeling Liz didn't have a problem with that?"

"This was several years ago. She said Jeff looked at Liz and said okay and Liz looked at him and smiled. Karen told me she jumped in and asked what happened if her or Liz won. Jeff said that they could have whatever they wanted if that was okay and Jack agreed."

"So what happened next?"

"They agreed to one hand of five card draw and Jack was dealing. After everyone had drawn she had to lay down first. She thought she was going to be okay because she had three jacks. Liz had moved so she was sitting next to her and she had nothing, then she said Jeff laid his hand down, he had two pair."

"So Jeff won?"

"She told me she got real nervous and was hoping Jack would have something better but he laid down a pair, she figured Jack dumped his hand."

"So Jeff got to fuck Karen?"

"Well this is the interesting part. I also found out that Karen likes to be tied up and Jack gets into it. He ties her hands and feet to the bed and blindfolds her then goes away for about half an hour. She said what he used to do when they first started doing this he would open and close the front door after awhile and then tell her that another man was there but there never was. She got real nervous the first few times he did it but that it turned her on and Jack would pretend he was another man and fuck her brains out."

"That sounds kinky, we will have to try that sometime."

"Maybe, but this is what she told me next. She said Jeff looked at her and could tell she was real nervous and said that he was only having fun but Jack said that a bet was a bet. Jeff insisted that she didn't have to go through with it but she told me she was dripping wet and she told Jeff that he won so Jeff and Liz agreed to it."

"So Jack got his wish."

"Well, there is more. Jack told Jeff and Liz to wait and he would let them know when they were ready. Jack then took her by the hand to the bedroom. She told me Jack wanted to tie her to the bed while Jeff fucked her. She was so hot she went along with it, Jack tied her hands and feet to the bed and stuck a couple of pillows under her ass and then opened the curtains to the bedroom."

"Now that really sounds like something we will have to do."

"James, do you want me to tell you the rest or what? You know I can feel your cock getting hard inside me again."

I hadn't noticed it but my cock was getting hard thinking about Karen tied to the bed. Dawn shifted a little and looked at me.

"Go ahead."

"She said Jack didn't blindfold her this time he just called for Jeff and Liz to come to the bedroom. She said that when they walked into the bedroom Jeff said he hadn't agreed to her being tied up. Jack told him that it was okay because she liked it but Jeff said he had to hear that from her, she told him it was okay. Liz asked her again to make sure and she agreed."

"What did Liz do during all of this?"

"Jack had pulled up a chair on one side of the bed for Liz to sit in and he pulled up a chair on the other side of the bed to watch."

"Then what?"

"I won't tell you everything that happened because I can feel you getting harder."

"Go ahead, please tell me everything."

"She just said that it was the most incredible fuck she had ever had, Jeff really did a number on her, she is pretty sure she passed out at some point because she just remembers having several mind blowing orgasms and the next thing she knew she was untied and her legs were up by her head and Jack was fucking the shit out of her."

"So Jack gets off on seconds."

"I don't know but she said that it was incredible and that she had more mind blowing orgasms because she could see Liz sucking Jeff's cock beside the bed and the neighbors watching from their house."

"So this is a regular thing with them then?"

"No, that's even stranger, she said it happened that one time and they still get together with Jeff and Liz but they never talk about it."

"She never wanted to do it again?"

"Well, Karen is not the one that has the fantasies about getting fucked by another man, she is happy with Jack and did it for him and then she got pregnant with their first child about a year after that and Jack never brought it up again."

"But now she wants to get fucked by someone else."

"That is not really it."

"It seems that a couple of days after they were here she woke up one morning early extremely horny and woke Jack up to fuck. After they got off Jack asked her why she was so horny, she told him that she had had a dream about you fucking her with your big cock. She told Jack all about her dream because they still talk about their fantasies all the time. Jack got hard again and fucked her for about half an hour. They woke the kids up because she couldn't keep from screaming."

"So what is up then?"

"Jack has been talking about the time Jeff fucked her and fantasizing about watching her get fucked again."

"So why now?"

"Next week is her 30th birthday and she said he would like to watch you fuck her for her birthday."

"If it's her birthday why does Jack get what he wants?"

"He thinks he is 'letting' her get fucked even though he is the one that gets off on it."

"Dawn I am not going to fuck her if that is not what she wants."

"That is not what your cock is saying."

"Never mind that."

"That is why she called me, she wants to do it for Jack if you will go along with it."

"Why, that doesn't sound fair."

"I think she is having fantasies about you and she is feeling down a little because she is turning 30."

"I thought you said she was full of shit."

"I thought she was, but if she is telling the truth I don't know now."

I could feel my cock getting fully hard and pushing back up into Dawn's pussy. Not only was I hard but as Dawn talked I could feel her pussy muscles twitching as she told me the story. Dawn slowly began to move her hips.

"So would you like to fuck Karen?"

"I guess so if that is what you want, what are you going to be doing?"

"Watching, don't worry Jack doesn't want to fuck me."

"Jack must be stupid!"

"Yes he is!"

"You are starting to sound like Amy!" I kidded her.

"I know."

Dawn smiled and started fucking me with a good rhythm. She continued for about 10 minutes then asked me if I was sure I wanted to do it. I told her yes and rolled her over and fucked her again until we both came hard.

Saturday morning came early, when I woke up Dawn was sucking my cock. When she knew I was awake she started deep throating me, I was trying to remember if I had every thanked Amy for teaching her how to do that. Dawn took her time and I pumped a load down her throat.

"Mmmmmm, you always taste so good."

"So what is the plan for today?"

"I thought I would call Karen and meet her for lunch in town."

"Are you two going to work out the details?"

"I guess so."

"When is her birthday?"

"Friday, think you can be ready by then?" Dawn said with a smile.

"I am always ready."

"We'll just see."

Dawn kissed me and jumped up and went to shower. I laid there thinking about what Dawn had gotten me into even though the thought of getting to fuck Karen had been turning me on. Karen had a great body for someone that had had two kids. Jack watching didn't bother me if that was what he got off on but I was still surprised Dawn had gone along with this. When Dawn came out of the bathroom she noticed I had an erection again.

"What have you been thinking about?"

"Fucking Karen."

"Good, glad to see you are interested. It's turning you on isn't it?"

"Hell yes, is it turning you on?"

"Yes it is, you know I love watching you fuck."

"No, I mean is it turning you on."

"I said yes, I can't wait to watch you fuck her."

"You are not listening to me, are you getting turned on by it?"

"Oh..."

"What are you getting out of this?"

"Uh, just watching you, Karen isn't into women."

"You weren't either."

"No, she is really not into women."

"How do you know?"

"At the Halloween party when she took Amy to the bathroom to help her get cleaned up Amy thought she was interested in her and made a move on here."

"What happened?"

"Amy said Karen was wiping off her tits and she leaned over and kissed Karen on the lips and she almost freaked out."

"Really?"

"Yes, Amy said she thought she was into women because she was paying so much attention to her breasts. She told me Karen got real defensive and told her she wasn't a lesbian."

"Amy said she apologized and Karen finished helping her clean up."

"Well, you can always try."

"I don't think so, Amy said she was really adamant about it."

"You never know."

"I wouldn't want to hurt our friendship."

"And letting her fuck your husband is not going to hurt your friendship?"

"That is what I am going to find out today."

"Good luck."

We finally got up and went down for breakfast, Amy was working two extra 12's that weekend so she came down a little later to go to work. After we finished eating Dawn went into the study to call Karen, Amy left for work and I was left to clean up. Dawn was gone for about 2 hours, when she came out she told me she was going to meet Karen for lunch around noon. We talked for several hours then she went upstairs to get ready to meet Karen. Later she came down looking very hot.

"Are you meeting Karen or Jack?"

"What do you mean?"

"You look awful hot to be meeting Karen."

Dawn looked down at what she had on for a second.

"Oh, we are going to a nice restaurant."

"Dressed like that?"

Dawn had on a short pleated skirt and a sheer silk blouse that I could see her lacey bra through unbuttoned enough her cleavage was showing.

"I look okay don't I?"

"Honey you always look okay, go have lunch."

Dawn kissed me and headed out the door, I noticed the black stilettos she had on with her lace stockings.

I watched some of the video of Karen naked when she had been at the house before for the rest of the day.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Dawn came through the door in a hurry a little after 4:30.

"You two must have had a lot to talk about," I said when she sat down beside me.

"We did."

"Is everything okay?"

"Everything is going to be perfect," Dawn said as she starting unbuttoning her blouse.

Dawn yanked her blouse off and stood up and unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor.

"Fuck me, now!!"

Dawn only had on a garter belt with her stockings and no panties. She yanked her bra off and reached over and grabbed my shirt and yanked it off over my head then grabbed my sweats and started pulling them down. I could see that Dawn's pussy was swollen and dripping.

"Damn Dawn, what has gotten into you?"

"I have been talking to another woman about fucking my husband for the last three hours!"

"Then why don't you tell me why your pussy is all swollen and wet?"

Dawn was pulling my sweats off my feet and getting down on her knees to suck me cock.

"Just fuck me!" Dawn said as she grabbed my cock and sucked it into her mouth.

I thought I would have some fun, I grabbed Dawn's hair on the back of her head and yanked her head up hard so she was looking at me.

"Why is your pussy so swollen?!"

"James I need you to fuck me!"

"Who has been in your pussy?!"

"I have been fingering myself all the way from town, now let go of my damn hair!"

I laughed at Dawn and she jerked free and sucked my growing cock back into her mouth. She was going crazy working on getting me hard. She was moaning and stroking and sucking me with everything she had. As soon as she had me hard as a rock she straddled me on the sofa and guided my cock into her swollen wet pussy and began fucking me like crazy. She looked hot in just her garter belt, black lace stockings and stilettos.

Dawn was on fire, I couldn't remember her ever being this hot and this crazed. She was slamming herself up and down on my cock as hard and fast as she could. Dawn was moaning and groaning as she bounced herself up and down on my lap.

"Oh god James I am so hot!!" Dawn screamed between her gasp for air.

I had to grab Dawn's hips and try and slow her down before she hurt herself or me.

"James I'm coming...oh god, help me!!"

All I could do was hold onto her so she didn't fall as she continued. I felt Dawn gushing on my cock as her body began jerking.

"James you have to come in me now!!" She screamed as another wave of spasms rocked her body.

Dawn's pussy was so hot and so tight at that moment I was not going to have a problem fulfilling her needs. Dawn ground her pussy down on my cock and was humping me as hard and fast as she could. She seemed frantic as she continued to fuck me hard. 

"Tell me you're coming!!"

"I'm coming Dawn, I'm coming!" I screamed as I let go and Dawn let out another scream.

I could feel my own muscles spasm as I pumped deep into her, all I could do was groan along with Dawn. One last loud groan from Dawn and a huge thrust down on my cock and Dawn collapsed, I had to hold her tight because she went completely limp.

"Dawn or you okay?"

I didn't get a response, all I heard was her desperate gasping for air.

"Dawn!"

"Mmmm."

"Are you okay?"

"Just hold me," came in a faint whisper.

I held Dawn tight for a long time while our bodies touched with intense heat, I just held her and waited.

"... oh god...," came out softly.

"Dawn are you okay?"

"Oh god yes, I'm just so hot!"

Dawn was starting to come back to life. She slowly looked up at me; sweat was running down her face.

"Thank you."

"You are welcome but what got into you?"

"Get me something to drink please..."

I turned slowly and lay Dawn back on the sofa, she was covered in sweat, her nipples were swollen and as I released my hold on her and stood up a gush of cum came out of her pussy. I went to the kitchen and got both of us a cold beer and returned. Dawn took several sips of beer and tried to sit up.

"Just lay there honey."

Dawn laid her head on pillow and took another sip of beer.

"Dawn did you and Karen go some place and have sex?"

"No...no..."

"What have you been doing all afternoon then?"

"We went to lunch at that small Italian place we go to so we could talk in private. We sat back in the back where we sit so you can play with my pussy. After I told Karen you agreed she got excited and started asking me questions about everything."

"Like what?"

"James she asked me everything and we had been drinking wine during lunch so we were both a little loose."

"Dawn, you didn't drive home drunk did you?"

"No, that is why I was gone so long, I made Karen stop drinking when she finished eating and so did I but she was so excited. I thought this was for Jack but James she really has the hots for you and she had to tell me all about it."

"What does that have with you being horny?"

"She wanted to know how big you were and if I thought you would fit in her then she wanted to know about the first time we had sex and how I managed to fit you in. I started talking about that and one thing led to another and I had spent over an hour telling her about our love making and that with the wine got me horny."

"Did you tell her about you and Amy?"

"No, I know how she feels about that. But when I told her that I liked to watch you fuck Amy she wanted me to tell her about that. By the time I finished telling her some of that I had already slipped a finger in my pussy."

"Did Karen know you were doing it?"

"No, but I was so hot thinking about what I was telling her. Then she started telling me about her and Jack's sex life. I know she acts wilder than she is but the two of them really do some wild things together. The more she told me about some of the stuff they do the hornier I got. James I know Karen could smell my sex but she didn't say anything."

"Dawn I have fingered your pussy like that in the same booth and you weren't this hot when you came home."

"That's not it. I was trying to feel Karen out some more about being with another woman when this young couple came in for lunch and sat in that booth on the other side."

"You mean the one that the people you flash can see you from?"

"Yes."

"Dawn what did you do?"

"The young guy sat facing me so I knew if he looked he could see what I was doing."

"Tell me you stopped."

"I did...for a while."

"What happened?"

"I stopped fingering myself and continued to listen to Karen. After the couple ordered I noticed he was looking at me. As you can see I didn't wear any underwear and I had left my skirt pulled up and he was checking out the top of my stockings and garter belt."

"I'm sure you didn't do a lot to dissuade him."

"Well..."

"That is what I thought."

"James I was already so hot and you weren't there."

"This is going to be good I can tell already."

"I tried to distract myself by asking Karen if she was horny from talking about all the sex. I think the wine was starting to wear off and she realized what all she had been telling me. I could tell from the way she was breathing that she had gotten horny so I pushed her a little. I told her I was hot from talking about all the sex and that my pussy was wet."

"What did Karen say?"

"She looked at me for a few seconds and then told me she could feel her on wetness on her panties. We giggled about it and I asked her how wet she was and she told me she could feel the wet crotch of her panties then she ask how wet I was. I told her I was pretty wet because I had been fingering my clit. Karen started laughing then I started laughing and she asked me if I was still doing it. I told her I stopped when the other couple sat down because he could see me. She wanted to know if he had seen me, I told her no but he was looking at my legs because my skirt was pulled up. She laughed again and the guy at the table looked over at me and smiled."

"Dawn, tell me you two got up and left then."

"No..., I told her how you and I went there and we would sit side by side so you could play with my pussy and breasts. She said that sounded like fun and that her and Jack would have to join us sometime. Then she wanted to know if other people had watched us, I told her yes. Karen really gets off on being watched."

"I can guess where this went."

"She dared me to start playing with my pussy again so the guy could see me. I turned a little toward the guy and started fingering my pussy again. Karen laughed and started talking about her and Jack's sex life again but loud enough the other couple could hear. She repeated her story about getting fucked by Jeff while she was tied up so they could hear then she went on to tell me how she likes Jack to fuck her in the ass sometimes. The guy looked over at us and started smiling and said something to his girlfriend, she got up and moved to sit beside him so she could see also."

"So you showed off like you do when we are there didn't you?"

"I wasn't going to because of Karen but she asked if the guy was watching and I told her yes while I kept fingering my pussy. Karen started asking me how I felt while I watched you fuck Amy knowing it would make me hotter. I started telling her in detail loud enough I knew they could hear. Karen started smiling and starting rubbing her breast while I talked. I told Karen if she wanted me to keep showing off for the guy she had to do something."

"What happened, what did you tell her to do?"

"She reached under the table and told me she was rubbing her pussy through her slacks. I told her that wasn't good enough, she wasn't showing anything. She asked me what she was supposed to do, I told her to unbutton her top and play with her tits. She unbuttoned her top all the way down and reached in and began squeezing her tits. She didn't have a bra on so I could see her nipples and it made me even hotter."

"So what did you do?"

"James you know how I get when someone is watching."

"Yes I know that is why I am afraid to ask what you did next."

"I was looking at her tits and trying to tell her about you fucking Amy in the ass the first time and Karen started asking me how Amy could take you in her ass. I told her you ravaged her ass and I was talking loud enough to make sure they could hear me. The guy and the girl were both looking at me and smiling. They were whispering to each other as they both watched me slip my fingers in my pussy. While I was doing that I saw the waiter coming to our table, I didn't say anything to Karen just to see what happened."

"Was it the same guy that is there when we have lunch?"

"Yes, so I knew nothing would surprise him."

"So what happened?"

"He walked up to the table and asked if we needed anything. Karen jumped because she was squeezing her nipple and listening to me. Karen looked up at the waiter and said we could use some more water and kept squeezing her nipple. The waiter looked at her tits and looked at me and went to get the water. When he walked off Karen started laughing and I told her she hadn't shown him anything he hadn't already seen. You won't guess what she did then."

"Do I really want to know?"

"Looking at your cock getting hard I would guess you want to know. She pulled her blouse completely out of her pants and unbuttoned it all the way and let it hang open then went back to squeezing her tits."

"James I want her."

"But you said she is turned off about other women. Do you think she was showing off for you?"

"No, she did it so when the waiter came back he could see everything. She asked me if the waiter had seen that much and she pulled her blouse all the way open so both her tits were hanging out. I started fingering myself faster and told her that the waiter hadn't ever seen that much. She asked me how the show was going for the guy. I told her he was watching I didn't tell her the girl had moved and was watching."

"So what happened when the waiter came back?"

"When I saw him coming I looked up and watched him walk toward us, Karen knew he was coming because she leaned back in the booth and started pinching her big nipples between her fingers."

"What happened?"

"When he saw Karen he dropped the pitcher of water and it went everywhere. He stopped and looked at Karen's tits then realized what he had done and said he was sorry and bent over to wipe up the water on the floor then I looked at him as he looked up at my fingers in my pussy."

"What did he do?"

"He took his time cleaning up the water."

"I bet he did."

"Karen and I were trying not to laugh but we couldn't help it. I looked over at the other couple and they were trying not to laugh. He finally got the water cleaned up and said he would bring some more. After he walked off Karen said she thought she was going to come when he looked at her rubbing her tits. While she was telling me this the girl watching me got up and headed toward the table, it took me a second to realize she was heading toward the bathroom. When she walked by she looked over to see what Karen was doing then looked at me and smiled as she walked by."

"Did Karen say anything?"

"No she just looked at her and smiled. Then the waiter came back and poured us some water and asked if he could get us anything else while looking at Karen's tits. I told him we were fine and he walked off. Karen was giggling when the girl walked back by our table and dropped her panties on it."

"You're kidding me."

"No she just dropped them on the table and sat back down beside her boyfriend. I looked over at her and she smiled and then I looked down as she pulled her skirt up to her ass."

"We have never gotten that kind of reaction, then what happened?"

"I had to stop fingering myself because I just about came when she did that. I was starring at the pretty blonde's pussy when Karen asked what I was looking at. I told her I was looking at the guy looking at my pussy. Karen asked what we should do with the panties. I told her to pick them up but she wouldn't so I picked them up and put them in my purse as the girl watched."

"Why didn't Karen pick them up.?"

"James she doesn't what anything to do with other women."

"Too bad."

"Tell me about it."

"So then what?"

"I was watching the blonde whisper to the guy, I am sure she was telling him about Karen. I think he wanted to come and look but she kept him from it. I watched the blonde reach over and start rubbing her guy's cock, she was looking at me while I watched her. He was looking at me smiling so I slipped my fingers back into my pussy and spread my legs. Karen noticed me spreading my legs and asked what was going on, I told her the guy was looking at me and smiling. She said she wished she was sitting so she could see him, I told her to move and sit beside me. She said she didn't want anybody to think we were a couple of lesbians."

"Ouch!"

"I was going to tell her we wouldn't but I just let it drop I was having too much fun. Karen started squeezing one of her tits again and slipped her other hand down to her crotch, she was getting off knowing I was exposing myself. I looked over at the guy and he was looking at my pussy so I took my fingers and spread my lips apart so he could see. He nodded his head and smiled then reached over and stuck his hand between the blonde's legs and started fingering her pussy."

"Damn Dawn what where you doing?"

"I had my skirt up to my ass and had my legs spread open. Karen was starting to moan a little, she had her eyes closed and was getting off."

"That's funny, she doesn't have a problem touching herself."

"It gets better. The waiter brought the couple their food and asked them if they needed anything, the blonde told him she had everything she needed while she was looking at me. The waiter looked over and watched a few seconds then he just turned and walked back to the kitchen."

"He has seen your pussy before."

"I know, he just smiled at me while he looked."

"I don't think you will ever be able to go back in that restaurant Dawn."

"Oh yes I will!"

"Then what happened?"

"James I am getting hot again just telling you and your hard-on is not helping."

"I know what to do."

I reached over and pulled Dawn up to a sitting position then sat back on the sofa, Dawn knew what to do. She got up and straddled me again and guided my hard cock into her cum soaked pussy and slid down on my shaft and grabbed me around the neck.

"Is that better?" I asked.

"Much."

"Now tell me the rest."

"I wasn't watching or talking to Karen anymore, I was watching the guy work his fingers in and out of the blonde. They were looking at me and I was looking at them. There wasn't anybody else in that part of the restaurant so the guy turned to his girlfriend and really started jamming his fingers in and out of her pussy. I had to stop and watch I was getting too hot. The blonde was looking straight at me while he worked her pussy then she started fingering her clit furiously."

"Why doesn't this happen when I am with you?"

"James she started wiggling her hips then she jerked real hard and I knew she was having an orgasm. She grabbed her boyfriend's hand so he would stop, she looked like she was about to start screaming. They both looked at me and I winked at them. They guy started looking at my pussy again so I moved closer to the edge of the seat and stuck my leg out so they could see real well and stuck my fingers back in my pussy and started working it."

"Dawn you are going to get arrested one day."

"There wasn't anybody there but the four of us. My skirt was up to my waist by then so they weren't having any trouble seeing. They blonde smiled and turned to her boyfriend and grabbed his crotch. I watched as she unbuckled his pant then unzipped them and fished out his hard cock. She had a hand full of a nice cock and was stroking it while he watched me finger my pussy.

"What was Karen doing?"

"Still getting off I guess."

"She wasn't watching you?"

"I don't think so."

Dawn wiggled her hips a little to make sure my cock was in as far as it would go then she continued.

"The blonde looked around to make sure no one could see and then she started jacking him off real fast. I think this was the first time the guy had done anything like that, he was really squirming in his seat. I stuck my fingers deep in my pussy as he watched then pulled them out and stuck them in my mouth and sucked on them, James the guy started coming in buckets. He didn't know what to do, she kept stroking him and he kept coming as I sucked on my fingers."

"So you got him off."

"Me and the blonde got him off. He had to grab the blonde's hand so she would stop. I looked her in the eyes as I kept sucking on my fingers. She pulled her hand up to her mouth and licked off the cum that was dripping from her hand. I jammed my fingers back in my pussy and began working them in and out, I was about to explode."

"Dawn you didn't!" I said as I felt Dawn's insides twitch.

"I couldn't help it, this had been going on for over an hour. The two of them were watching me jam my fingers in an out of my pussy and I came. When I felt it coming I pulled my fingers out and spread my lips apart so they could see."

"So how far did it go?"

"I don't know James, I squirted 4 or 5 times while they watched; it went out onto the floor. I watched their faces as both their mouths fell open, it took all I had James not to scream. I let them watch until my orgasm finished then I stuck my fingers back in my pussy and pulled them back out and stock them in my mouth again."

"Was that it?"

"Almost. While I was looking at the guy and sucking my fingers I heard Karen say 'Dawn!' I snapped back to my senses and pulled my fingers from my mouth and turned and looked at Karen, she was looking at me shocked. Then she said 'how could I do that' and I said do what, I was letting him watch. She said 'no', she said 'how could I stick my fingers in my mouth'."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"She did?! What did you say?"

"James I was so hot by then I just looked at her and told her she should try it sometime."

"Did she say anything?"

"No she just started laughing and so did I and then we put our clothes back together and left. When we got up Karen realized that they had both been watching me so when we walked past them Karen stopped and told them to enjoy their meal and we left."

"Did Karen say anything else?"

"She said she would call me tomorrow. I drove home just wanting to get here and have you fuck me. I had my fingers in my pussy all the way home."

"Now I know why you were so hot."

"James I don't think I have ever been that horny."

"Well you are home now."

"I know, now fuck me again."

We had an interesting weekend while Amy was working. Amy had asked what was up when she came home that evening but Dawn told her she would tell her later.

Dawn called Monday and made plans with Karen to come over Friday night for her birthday and some fun. Dawn was overly excited all week about Karen coming and watching me fuck her.

Thursday morning came late, I woke up with Amy sleeping on one side and Dawn on the other. They had taken turns the previous night fucking me. We watched the video from when Dawn came home after her escapades with Karen, it was the first chance we all had to be together and watch it. Dawn had been running around all week planning a birthday party and dinner for Karen, when she wasn't doing that she was on the phone with her. Amy was working a later shift and didn't have to go to work until 11:00. It was late in the morning but I just laid there looking at the two beautiful women in bed with me. I was pretty much over being occupied with thinking about fucking Karen the next day; Amy woke up first.

"Good morning," I said as she woke up.

"Good morning to you."

That woke Dawn up.

"Good morning."

Dawn said good morning to me and Amy. Amy looked down at the hard-on I had from looking at the two of them and grabbed my cock.

"Not this morning Amy," Dawn said.

"What, why not?" Amy asked.

"No more for James until after Karen gets hers."

"Wait a minute!" I said.

"Yeah, what's up Dawn?" Amy asked.

"No more until after Karen, that's it."

"Dawn, give me a break."

"That's the rules James, I want you to fill Karen's pussy with cum."

"I won't have a problem with that, now one of you suck my cock!"

"Nope." Dawn said as she pulled Amy's hand off my cock. "Come on Amy let's shower before he attacks one of us."

Dawn grabbed Amy and pulled her across me and they headed for the shower.

"What the fuck!" I said as they disappeared.

About that time Dawn stuck her head out and said, "No jacking off either."

I thought Dawn had to be kidding, I got up and went to join them in the shower and was met with a sharp 'Get out!' I went back to the bed and waited for Dawn to come out. I laid there listening to the two of them giggling with a perfect hard-on wanting to be sucked or fucked. I heard the shower go off, finally the two of them came out wrapped in towels.

"Give me a break, what's with the towels?"

"We don't want to excite you," Dawn said with a giggle.

"Damn it Dawn!"

"I think I'll go get ready for work," came from Amy as she decided she needed to be someplace else.

"James..."

"Dawn what is this shit!"

"James just wait a minute."

"You are not serious are you?"

"Yes, I am..."

"Why? Karen will get what she wants."

"It's not that, please let me explain okay?"

"This better be good."

"James we have been fucking all week thinking about Karen, I don't want you to get burned out on this."

"Seriously Dawn, have you ever known me to have a problem?"

"No...wait please."

I looked at Dawn hard and she sat on the bed next to me.

"James, Karen is sort of having second thoughts."

"Why?"

"It's turning thirty, she called me Tuesday crying because she was turning thirty."

"That's silly."

"James remember how I was on my 30th birthday."

"Oh don't bring that up."

"She is feeling the same way, she thinks she is getting old. I talked to her about it for a long time and told her I went through the same thing but she said it was different because she was a mother and had to start acting her age."

"Is she serious?"

"I have been talking to her all week, she is better but now she thinks she won't turn you on."

"Oh my god, you women. Is she still coming tomorrow or not?"

"Yes, but she said she is only doing it for Jack because it is all he has talked about all week while they fucked."

"Dawn I said I wasn't going to do this unless she was doing it because she wants to do it, not just for Jack, Jack can go screw himself."

"She was better yesterday, I am going to call her again tonight."

"So why am I being cut off?"

"James, I want to ask you to do something you said you couldn't do."

"What?"

"I want you to make love to Karen, I don't care what Jack gets out of this."

"Dawn I told you that you are the only woman I will ever make love to."

"I know, but Karen is one of my best friends and she is really having a hard time turning thirty."

"So what does that have to do with cutting me off?"

"I want you to really be wanting or needing to fuck her."

"That won't be a problem..."

"Please James."

"Does it mean that much to you?"

"Yes it does. I know you won't be making love to her but I want you to show her as much passion as you show me."

"Okay I guess, but you better make it up to me."

Dawn grabbed me around the neck and kissed me.

"I'll make it up to you I promise."

When Dawn got up from the bed I pulled her towel off.

"James you promised, don't get me started I have to go without also."

"But you have Amy."

"I'll be good."

She ran back into the bathroom looking at me over her shoulder. I was thinking it was going to be a long two days.

I waited on Dawn, she eventually came out wearing her bra and panties and headed for the closet.

"Go shower while I get dressed."

I did as told. When I went back into the bedroom Dawn was gone. I grabbed some sweats and a shirt and headed downstairs. I met Amy in the kitchen finishing her breakfast.

"Is everything okay?" She asked.

"Yeah."

"Sorry." Amy said.

"Dawn is being silly."

"James she really wants this for Karen."

"So you are in on it too?"

"I forgot this morning, sorry."

"So you are in on it."

"Dawn told me everything yesterday about Karen. She really loves Karen or she wouldn't ask you to do this."

"I don't mind fucking Karen, I am looking forward to it if that is what gets her and Jack off and I get a good fuck out of it I am fine with it."

"James...please don't think of it like that, it makes me think that is the way you feel about me."

I grabbed Amy and held her.

"Sorry Amy, I'm being an ass."

I leaned forward and kissed her.

"You know that is not how I feel about you."

"Yes, I just didn't want to hear you say that. The situation has changed with Karen, I know what Dawn is asking you to do but James you did the same for me."

"Okay, I am sorry, I was just pissed."

"I know but do what Dawn asked if you can. I shouldn't tell you but she has more that she needs to talk to you about."

"Like what?"

"I can't say James that is between you and Dawn and none of my business, I just wanted to give you a heads up."

"Thanks."

"I better be getting to work."

Amy kissed me and headed toward the door.

"Amy."

She stopped and turned.

"What are you going to be doing during all this Friday night?"

"Got to get to work James, bye."

Amy turned and hurried out the door. I was left standing alone in the kitchen when Dawn came out of the study.

"Amy gone?"

"She just left."

"Damn, I needed to tell her something."

"What?"

"I needed to ask her to pick up Karen's birthday cake!" Dawn said sharply and turned and went back in the study and closed the door. I went to the study and opened the door, Dawn was sitting at the computer reading her email.

"James, what is wrong, have you changed your mind?"

"No."

"Are you sure, I can't believe you are mad about not getting to have sex this morning."

"I'm not mad."

"Then what is wrong?"

"Dawn, you are putting a lot of pressure on me."

Dawn stood up and wrapped her arms around me.

"I don't mean too, I don't want that. I don't want this to cause any problems."

"I'll be okay, don't worry about it."

Dawn let go of me and looked up at me.

"Are you sure?"

"Really, I'm okay, I just don't understand the age thing with women."

"I'll remind you of that when you turn 40," Dawn said with a laugh. "Really are you okay?"

"Yes. Who is sending you email this time of day?"

"I am just getting caught up from yesterday. By the way, if I didn't tell you last night that was a great fuck."

"You didn't, and I'm glad you enjoyed it."

Dawn laughed then said, "I think Amy enjoyed it to if she didn't say so."

"She may have said it between 'oh my god' and 'I'm coming'."

"You are a shit."

I left Dawn to her email and spent the rest of the day trying to not think about having sex, I wasn't very successful. When Amy got home about 8:00 we all had a late dinner. Dawn had called and Amy had picked up the cake for Karen's party. I asked Dawn if Karen knew she was getting a party in the deal, she said no and that it really wasn't a party she just wanted to break the ice.

Dawn and I went to bed early leaving Amy watching a movie.

I woke up early and eased out of bed and went downstairs to make coffee. It was early and Amy wouldn't be getting up for several hours, she hated working the late shift when she didn't go in until 11:00, she liked getting up in the morning and getting off at 4:00. I was sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee when I heard Dawn from the balcony.

"Why are you up so early?"

"Just woke up early. Do you want some coffee?"

"I guess."

I watched Dawn come down the stairs wearing a pair of pajamas, I wasn't used to seeing her in pajamas but she was wearing them trying to keep me from wanting her so bad, it wasn't working. I handed her a cup of coffee when she got to the kitchen.

"Thanks."

"Are you ready for the big day?" I asked.

"No, I have to cook for tonight, James...don't call it the big day please."

"Okay. Can I help you cook we haven't cooked together in a while."

Dawn leaned over and kissed me.

"Sure, I need the help."

"So what are the plans for tonight?"

"I told Jack and Karen to be here about 7:00 and we would have dinner, beyond that we will just have to see how things go."

"That's it?"

"Yes, I guess."

"Dawn, I know you better than that, you plan everything to the last detail."

Dawn sipped her coffee and didn't say anything.

"Dawn..."

"Well...I have some things I need to talk to you about."

"I figured you did."

"Not right now, it can wait until Amy leaves for work."

"Speaking of Amy, what part is she playing in all this tonight, is she going to be here?"

"Yes she is going to be here, she is getting off work early so she will be home about 5:00."

I waited.

"And?"

"And what?"

"Dawn you are not answering my question."

"I'm not sure yet, I still haven't made up my mind."

"What does that mean?"

"Well, Karen said that Jack just wants to watch, so I am not sure if she planned on Amy being there."

"It's a little late to be asking that question."

"I talked to Karen last night, she is getting out of her funk but she is still saying she is doing it for Jack but I think she sounded a little excited when I talked to her. I think she is just saying she is doing it for Jack, I think she really is doing it just to get fucked by you."

"What do you think?" I asked.

"I'm sure her and Jack will get off on it from what she has told me but I have no doubt she originally went along with it because she is thinking about your big cock."

"I'll give her what she wants."

Dawn sipped her coffee some more, I was sure she had more to say but wasn't ready. I changed the subject to what she was going to cook and she told me about the entire menu, planned out to the last detail as usual.

Dawn was cooking breakfast when I heard Amy coming down the stairs.

"Good morning you two."

We said good morning and Amy sat down beside me.

"Man I am glad today is Friday, I will be back on my regular schedule next week."

"I'll miss the morning fucks Amy," I said to her.

"I will too."

"Okay you two," Dawn said as she handed a plate to Amy. "You eat and get to work."

"Don't worry I'll be home on time."

We all finished eating and Amy left for work, Dawn was cleaning up while I was sitting at the bar.

"So what had to wait until Amy left."

"Let me finish and I'll tell you."

I waited while Dawn finished cleaning up; Dawn took my hand and led me to the sofa.

"So what is the secret?" I asked.

"No secret, I just want to tell you a few things."

"Okay."

"I need to tell you some other things Karen told me that day at the restaurant, it's just some things I want you to know."

"Like what?"

"Jack and Karen please each other in bed but she doesn't know what a good slow fuck is. She told me that Jack brings her to plenty of orgasms but the way she described their love making was hard and fast. I think it is that way because they like to put on a show for the neighbors that watch."

"So do you want me to take my time with her?"

"I want you to take a very long time with her and drive her crazy James."

"Really?"

"I haven't told her that you can fuck as long as you want to so she is not expecting that. I want to see her go absolutely nuts, fast, slow, whatever it takes. I want you to touch her all over like you do me, very slowly and deliberately, she has never experienced that."

"Dawn you told me to make love to her, I will."

"I know, but I want you to touch her, eat her and fuck her for as long as you want, okay."

"Sure. Are you trying to impress her or Jack."

"Neither, I want to see her squirm and rocked over and over by huge orgasms, I want to hear her scream over and over James."

"Why?"

"She needs it and if Jack gets to get off watching then I get to get off watching."

"Now I understand."

"I thought you would," Dawn said as she looked at me with a big smile.

"Now I have some questions."

"Okay."

"Are you going to be getting off while you watch?"

"You bet your ass I am!"

"Don't you think Jack might be watching you instead?"

"Jack will be watching you and Karen don't worry about that."

"What is Amy going to be doing?"

"I guess she will be getting off too."

"Is that all you two have planned?"

"We'll see."

"Dawn, don't you do something to ruin your friendship with Karen."

"I won't."

I knew Dawn well enough to know that she had other plans, especially after she told me she wanted Karen, but I trusted her. We talked a little more then Dawn said she needed to start getting things ready in the kitchen. I offered to help but she told me she wouldn't need my help for a few hours. I went to the study to check my email.

I was deleting all the junk email when a new email popped up, I looked and it was from Karen. I opened it immediately.

'James, I hope you get this before tonight. I just wanted to let you know that I am looking forward to seeing you tonight.'

I typed in a quick message:

'Karen, I am looking forward to tonight also, I have been thinking about you all week.'

And hit send. I was hoping I would catch Karen at her computer. While I waited I deleted some more junk.

Another email popped up from Karen.

'James, I didn't know you would be at your computer. I hope you are not disappointed, Jack really gets off watching, I just want you to know we don't do this all the time.'

I hit reply:

'Karen, I am sure I won't be disappointed, why would you think that? I have been thinking about you all week. I can't wait, I am getting hard just thinking about you.'

Send.

I waited in anticipation for several minutes, another message came back.

'James, I'm just feeling 30, sorry. I am worried you won't fit inside me, I saw how big you are. Jack is nothing near that big, will you be gentle with me?'

Reply.

'Karen, Don't worry, I intend to be very gentle with you, I plan on giving you whatever you want. Are you thinking about it now, getting wet?'

Send.

I wanted to see how Karen was reacting, I waited until her next email popped up.

'James, Yes, I am thinking about you right now, I am getting very wet. Is Dawn there, does she now we are talking?'

Reply.

'Karen, Dawn doesn't know, she is in the kitchen. Are you wet enough to stick your fingers in your pussy?'

Send.

I waited for her reply. My cock was really getting hard waiting. Her email popped up.

'James, You are awful, yes I have my fingers inside me now, I am hot and wet, are you stroking your cock?'

Reply.

'Karen, Yes, I am stroking my cock thinking about you fingering your pussy, I remember looking at your beautiful pussy when you were here. I can't wait to taste it.'

Send.

Karen's email came up.

'James, You are bad. I can't wait for you to taste my pussy too, but I am really looking forward to your big cock. How long is it?'

Reply.

'Karen, It is almost 9 inches, is that enough for you? I bet your pussy taste good.'

Send.

I waited several minutes before I got a reply.

'James, My god that is huge, I think it will be enough if I can handle it. I hope my pussy taste good enough for you.'

Reply.

'Karen, You can handle it, I will make sure. Pull your fingers out of your pussy and put them in your mouth and tell me what you taste like.'

Send.

I knew I was pushing Karen. I waited several minutes and nothing. I waited several more minutes, maybe I pushed too much.

Finally I received a reply.

'James, I will let you taste me, I don't do that.'

That was all there was, Dawn was right about Karen.

I hit reply.

'Karen, I am looking forward to it, I will see you tonight!'

Send.

I didn't get anything back, I finished going through my email. The only other email of interest was one from John. I worried that I had pushed Karen too far.

"You want to help?"

Dawn had stuck her head in the study.

"Sure, be there in a minute."

I waited about 5 minutes hoping my erection would go down, I finally had to go help Dawn.

"What were you doing in there?" Dawn asked as she looked at my cock poking up in my sweats.

"Just reading my email."

"It must have been good."

"What do you want me to do?"

Dawn had me help her cook until mid-afternoon, she had everything ready and waiting by 4:00. After that we curled up on the sofa for about an hour.

"We need to start getting ready. Are you excited?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, I am."

"Good."

We went upstairs to get ready. Dawn asked me to dress nice. I watched her as she put on white lace panties and bra then put on a pair of white pants and a white blouse. It wasn't one of her shear ones that I could see through. Even though she was dressing nice she made sure she wouldn't be the center of attention.

"You look nice," I told her.

Dawn came to me and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled my mouth to hers and kissed me as she did when she wanted me to know she loved me.

"I love you, you know that don't you?"

"Yes honey I do."

Dawn kissed me again then took my hand and led me downstairs. It was about 6:00, Dawn went to the kitchen and got Karen's cake out and set it on the table then she asked me to help her put the dishes on the table. When we were finished the table was set, Dawn even had candles out. I didn't say anything about all of it.

Amy came running in the door.

"Sorry I'm late."

I watched as she ran up the stairs.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
About 7:00 Amy came down the stairs, she was dressed a lot like Dawn, simple but pretty, I guessed that her and Dawn had coordinated their clothes.

"Everything looks nice Dawn," Amy said.

"I hope she likes it," Dawn said with a nervousness in her voice.

"Dawn go sit down until they get here," I told her.

"I can't."

I heard the beeper on gate go off.

"At least they remembered they have a code for the gate," I said.

Dawn grabbed my hand and led me outside to meet them. They pulled up to the front of the house, Dawn started toward the car, I grabbed her before she moved too far.

"Hi you guys," Karen said as she got out of the car.

I let go of Dawn's hand and she walked to the car while I followed.

"Just in time," Dawn said as she hugged Karen.

"Hey Jack."

"Hey James."

"Happy birthday Karen," I said as I kissed her on the cheek.

"Thank you but don't remind me."

"Karen, I don't know why you say that, you still look as hot as ever."

Karen looked at me when I said that and winked. Karen did look hot, she had on a black skirt that was approaching short and a blue silk blouse. She also had on black stockings that I was sure were topped with the appropriate garter belt. Everything was topped off with an oversized hand bag and high heels.

"Thank you James."

I was surprised that Karen didn't sound nervous, I was hoping she wouldn't be and we could just have some fun. Dawn grabbed Karen by the hand and pulled her toward the house.

"Come on in I have something for you," Dawn told her.

Jack and I followed them into the house, Dawn was taking Karen to the table.

"Happy birthday," Dawn said as she showed Karen the cake.

"You shouldn't have gotten a cake."

"It's your birthday I had to get a cake."

"I'm glad Karen has perked up," Jack said to me as we watched Dawn and Karen.

"Dawn said her birthday was hitting her hard."

"Yes, but I think she is better now."

"Good, I hope we can have some fun," I told Jack.

"I think we will have lots of fun James, we had a good time when we were here before."

We walked over to the girls, Amy had joined them and they were already whispering and giggling. Dawn told everyone to grab a plate and head to the kitchen.

"You didn't have to fix all this," Karen told Dawn.

"Just grab what you want and we can sit and talk. James would you get the wine?"

I headed to the bar to get a bottle of wine, Jack followed me.

"James I want to thank you for the video, Karen and I watch it a lot."

"Good, I'm glad you enjoy it. Have you heard from Liz or Jeff?"

"I talked to Jeff the other day, he said that Liz had decided she really liked the idea of being videoed while having sex. He said they were going to ask you and Dawn about coming over again."

"Well, we are planning a big party for New Year's Eve, I think everyone will like it."

"James, you are going to record everything tonight aren't you?"

"You bet I am."

"Karen will love it, she likes to be watched while we have sex."

"I heard you were the one that like to be watched."

Jack paused a moment while I grabbed a bottle of wine.

"We both like it," was all Jack said before we headed back with the wine.

We all got a little to eat and sat down at the table. I poured the wine and we all talked and ate for a while. I was glad to see that everyone seemed happy and no one was acting nervous.

We had been eating and talking a while when Karen said, "Amy we missed you at the bar-b-cue."

"I had to go out of town, it looked like everyone had fun."

"You watched the video?" Jack asked.

"Sure, you and Karen were hot."

I looked over at Amy wondering what she was up to. She was looking at Jack very seductively.

"I'm glad you liked it," Jack said flirting with Amy a little.

Amy took a sip of her wine and gave Jack another seductive look.

"Yes I did, when I got back I watched it with Dawn and James and we ended up fucking all night."

Amy took another sip of wine while looking at Jack. Dawn and Karen were looking at Amy, Jack looked a little stunned. I was sure he had heard that I had sex with Amy but it must have hit him what was probably going on in the house.

"I would like to see that video," Jack said boldly.

"I'm sure we could find it," Amy told Jack still sipping her wine.

"Maybe later," Dawn jumped in quickly.

Jack and Amy exchanged a few more glances before Karen said something.

"Thanks for the dinner," Karen said.

"No problem, you ready for your cake?"

"Can we wait until later?"

"Sure, it's your birthday, anything you want," Dawn told her.

"Let's go sit on the sofa so we can talk," I said.

Everyone filled their wine glass and we went to the den. Jack and Karen sat down on one of the big love seats, Dawn and I sat on the sofa. I was surprised when Amy sat in the other love seat and not with Dawn and me.

"You know I was wondering if everyone was going to end up naked at the Halloween party after what you told us about the first party," Karen said.

"I don't know if everyone was ready for that yet, that only happened when you all were here that weekend," Dawn told her.

"I was still hoping it would happen."

"Did you and Jack enjoy being naked all weekend with everyone?" I asked.

"It was a lot of fun, we have always wanted to do something like that," Jack told us.

"It was a hot weekend, I wish we could run around our house all the time naked with our friends," Karen said. "I bet you all have fun here."

"We don't run around the house naked...all the time," Dawn said with a giggle.

"It still must be fun," Karen replied.

"We could get naked now," Amy said.

Finally, I wanted to jump over to Amy and kiss her for trying to get things started.

"That sounds like a good idea!" Dawn said.

"Oh good. How do we want to do this?" Karen asked.

"Let's make it fun, we get to undress each other's spouse," I said.

"That sounds good!" Dawn said looking at Karen.

"Hey! Who is going to undress me?" Amy asked.

"Karen and I can undress you while the guys get to watch." Dawn replied.

"Who wants to go first so everyone else can watch?" I asked.

There was a few seconds of silence. I looked around the room and for the first time I saw a few nervous expressions.

"I'll go first!" Dawn said. "Jack will you assist me?"

Dawn kicked off her shoes and stood up in front of the fireplace and waited for Jack.

"Go ahead Jack," Karen told him.

Jack finally stood up and moved to Dawn.

"Where would you like me start Dawn?"

"That's up to you Jack."

Jack reached up and started unbuttoning Dawn's blouse, starting at the top he slowly unbuttoned each button down to the top of her pants. Then he unbuttoned the top of Dawn's pants so he could pull the rest of her blouse out and finished unbuttoning it. Jack pulled Dawn's blouse off exposing her tanned breast covered by her white lace bra. I looked over at Karen and she was watching intently.

Jack looked at Dawn's breast for a minute then moved behind her to unsnap her bra.

"It's in the front Jack," Dawn said.

We all laughed while Jack moved back to face Dawn. He reached up and fumbled with the hook on the front of Dawn's bra until he got it unfastened. Jack slowly opened Dawn's bra then he pulled it down her arms. Dawn made sure he had to bend over a little to get it off her arms, when he did she leaned forward and pressed her breasts against Jack's face as he stood up, Jack looked at her and smiled.

Jack reached down and pulled the zipper down on the front of Dawn's pants. He started pulling them open to get them off but Dawn had worn a tight pair of pants so Jack had to work at getting them down her legs and off. Jack was squatting down getting the pants over her feet; once he had that done he looked up at Dawn. She smiled at him when he reached up and hooked his fingers in her panties and started pulling them down. Jack looked at Dawn's pussy the whole time he was pulling her panties down. He finally had all of Dawn's clothes off; she looked perfect standing there naked.

"My turn," Dawn said.

We watched as Dawn removed Jack's shirt and pants, we could all see the bulge in Jack's underwear. Dawn grabbed the top of Jack's underwear and bent over as she pushed them down his legs. When she got them to his feet Jack stepped out of them. When Dawn stood back up she ran her hands up the length of Jack's legs as she stood. She looked at Jack's cock sticking straight out then looked him in the eyes for a moment.

"Next!" Dawn said as she turned to sit back next to me.

I stood up and waited for Karen. Karen looked up me with a nervous look.

"Your turn Karen," I said.

Karen finally got up and walked over to me. I decided to have a little fun with her.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"I'm ready if you are."

Karen hadn't kicked off her heels so I squatted down on the floor and lifted each foot and slowly removed her shoes, rubbing each foot after I removed a shoe. I stood back up and looked Karen in the eyes.

"You look hot, I am going to enjoy this."

Karen actually blushed a little. I move behind Karen so I could unzip her skirt. I ran both my hands up her ass to the zipper at the top of her skirt. I slowly unzipped her skirt, it was tight also so I took my time while I was behind her working her skirt off and down to her feet. Karen stepped out of her skirt. I stopped to admire her firm ass and legs, she was wearing a black thong under her black garter belt revealing her fine looking ass.

"I like the stockings and garter belt Karen."

"Thanks."

"You must have talked to Dawn, she knows I like stockings and garter belts."

"No, I just wore them."

I stood up and did the same thing Dawn had done, I ran my hands up the back of Karen's legs and over her ass. I reached around Karen and found the buttons on her blouse. I had to lean down to reach the bottom button on her blouse. While I was undoing the button my mouth was next to her ear.

"I can't wait to fuck you," I whispered so only she could hear.

I heard a soft 'mmmm' from Karen.

I got the first button undone and worked my way up to the last button. I grabbed the top of Karen's blouse and pulled it off her shoulders and down her arms. After I dropped her blouse to the floor I ran my fingers up each side and over her ribs as I brought my hands up. I watched Karen's flesh as goose bumps appeared on her skin. I let Karen stand there a minute before I unhooked the back of her bra.

I unhooked her bra one hook at a time until it was open. I moved my hands under the straps and slid them under her arms and across her breasts and lifted her bra up over her tits then told her to raise her arms. As she raised her arms I lifted her bra up and over her head and off her arms. Karen lowered her hands back to her sides as I moved around to face her and admire her tits. Karen had kept nice plump breasts after having her two kids. I admired her large areolas and nipples.

"She looks hot doesn't she?" I said while I looked at Karen's breasts.

"Yes she does," I heard Dawn say.

"Very hot!" I repeated.

Karen shifted her weight nervously on her feet. I got down on my knees in front of Karen so I could remove the rest of her clothes. I slid my hands up Karen's left thigh to the snaps on her garter belt, I slowly unsnapped one then the other. I moved my hands over to her right thigh and rubbed up it a little to unsnap the other side. Once I had all the snaps undone I hooked my fingers in her garter belt and slowly slid it down her thighs and then off her legs. I set back on my legs and looked at the fabric remaining that was covering Karen's pussy.

"Yes, very hot!"

I leaned forward and slipped one finger under one side of her thong and then slid a finger under the other side. I slowly pulled the thin piece of black material over her ass and down to the top of her thighs. I held it there while I admired Karen's pussy. Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed to a small patch just above her clit. I waited long enough so everyone, especially Jack, knew I was admiring her pussy. I looked up at Karen and she was looking down at me. I looked into her eyes as I slid her thong on down her legs. I waited as Karen stepped out of the thong. I looked back up at Karen's pussy and could see that she was wet.

I stood up and paused to look at Karen.

"I think I will leave the stockings on, is that okay with you Karen?"

"Yes...sure."

I stood looking into Karen's eyes for a minute as she looked back into mine.

"Go ahead."

"What?"

"Go ahead, it's your turn."

"Oh...okay."

I watched and so did everyone else as Karen nervously removed my shirt. She looked up at me as she pulled on my belt, once she got it open she unbuttoned my pants. Karen looked up at me while she unzipped my pants, I saw a very excited look in her eyes. Once she had my pants unzipped she pulled them over my hips and down my legs. Karen got down on her knees so she could work my pants over my feet. Once she had them off she looked up and stared at the huge bulge in my underwear. Karen finally reached up and hooked the top of my briefs and pulled them down to the top of my thighs and paused to stare at the tip of my hard cock just inches from her face. I was tempted to push it forward to see if she would take it in her mouth but didn't. Karen looked up at me as she slid my underwear down to my feet. I stepped out of them and Karen took one more look and stood up.

"Very hot!" Dawn said.

I could see Karen blushing again but I could also see that her huge areolas were filled with blood and swollen.

"My turn!" I heard Amy say.

I went to the sofa and sat down to watch. I looked over at Jack and he had a growing hard-on. Amy jumped up and stood next to Karen, Dawn got up and stood on the other side. Dawn started unbuttoning the top of Amy's blouse while Karen stood there.

"Karen start at the bottom," Dawn told her.

Karen reached over and started unbuttoning Amy's blouse from the bottom. It only took a minute and Amy's blouse was unbuttoned and hanging open. Karen and Dawn pulled the blouse off her shoulders and off her arms. Amy had on a thin white lace bra that I could see her nipples through.

"Let's take her pants off now," Dawn said.

Dawn let Karen unbutton and unzip the front of Amy's pants. Jack and I watched as the two of them worked Amy's tight pants over her ass and down her legs. While Dawn was helping Amy step out of her pants I remembered that Jack had not seen Amy naked. Karen was standing watching Dawn get Amy's feet out of her pants. When that was done I watched Dawn slide both her hands up Amy's leg as she stood, I looked at Karen as she watched Dawn.

"Karen unhook her bra."

Now I wanted to watch Jack. As soon as Karen had the front of Amy's bra unhooked I looked at Jack.

"Damn," came from Jack and I knew Amy's tits where free of her bra.

I looked back at Amy and Karen was pulling her bra down her arms. Once Amy was free of her bra she reached up and rubbed her breasts.

"That feels much better."

Amy continued to rub her breast for a few seconds. 

I watched Dawn get down on her knees in front of Amy. She reached up and grabbed the sides of Amy's panties and slowly pulled them down over her hips. When Dawn exposed Amy's beautiful patch of red hair I heard Jack say 'damn' again under his breath. Dawn looked at Amy's pussy as she leaned forward and pushed her panties down to her feet. Amy stepped out of them and Dawn ran her hands up the back of Amy's legs to her ass then Dawn leaned forward and kissed Amy just above her patch of red hair.

"Very hot!" I said looking at Karen.

She didn't react when Dawn kissed Amy, I was surprised. I knew Dawn had done it just so Karen could watch.

"Is this what you wanted to do Karen?" Dawn asked while looking at her.

"Yes, this was fun!"

"What do you want next for your birthday Karen?" Dawn asked.

Karen stood frozen looking at Dawn.

"Karen are you ready for your present?"

Karen turned and looked at Jack, he looked at her and smiled.

"Are you ready honey?" Jack asked.

"Yes," came tentatively from Karen.

"Then let's do it," Dawn said

Karen turned and looked at me and then to Dawn.

"Come with me," Dawn said as she took Karen's hand.

Dawn led Karen through the den and down the hall to the big downstairs bedroom and closed the door.

"What was that?" Jack asked.

"Give them a few minutes Jack," I told him. "Are you and Karen still okay with this?"

"Oh yes."

"I have to ask you something Jack."

"What?"

"Dawn said that you like to tie Karen to the bed."

"She did? Karen is the one that likes that."

"Were you wanting her to be tied up tonight?"

"Do you and Dawn ever do that?"

"Not really, I want Dawn to be free to do whatever she wants."

"Why don't you ask Karen?" Amy said as she came and sat beside me.

"Why don't we do that Jack, if Karen likes that I am fine with it."

"Okay."

I wanted to get that out of the way, the thought of Karen being tied up was exciting to me but I wanted Karen to make the decision in case it was really Jack's idea.

"Amy, what are you and Dawn going to do?" Jack asked.

"I want to watch if it is okay with you. I really get hot watching James and Dawn fuck but it is up to you Jack."

"James is that what Dawn wants to do?"

"Oh yes."

"That's okay with me, I know Karen really does like being watched, it's not just me."

"I can understand that, I think we have all found out that it is a huge turn on."

I heard the door open to the bedroom and looked up to see Dawn walking out.

"Karen said she is ready."

The three of us got up and walked toward the bedroom, when I walked up to Dawn she grabbed my hand and followed me. 

Karen was sitting on the edge of the king size bed. Dawn had put red satin sheets on the bed at some point. Karen looked up as we came in, she really looked nervous now. Jack sat down on the bed beside Karen and wrapped his arms around her and kissed her deeply. Dawn had moved the chairs in the bedroom next to the bed earlier. Amy sat down in one of the chairs next to the bed.

"I love you." Jack said as he released his kiss on Karen.

"I love you too. Did you bring my purse, my silk scarves are in it?"

"James wants to asked you something first?"

"What?"

"Karen, I want to ask you do you want to be tied up?"

"Sure, we do it all the time."

"Jack is just watching, I want to know what you want?" Dawn squeezed my hand when I asked.

"Well...if you like it, then you can tie me up."

"Karen, it would be hot making love to you tied up but I will only do it if that is what you enjoy."

"Well, I won't do it if you don't want to."

"Karen, James will do what you want, but I think he wants you to be free to do what you want," Dawn said.

"Jack what do you want?" Karen asked.

"Tell you what Karen, you let me make love to you tonight without being tied up and tomorrow we can tie you up if you want to try it that way," I told her.

"Tomorrow? I thought it would just be tonight?"

"Oh no, I plan on making love to you all weekend, if that is okay with you Jack?" I added for a surprise.

Karen looked nervously at Jack and then back to me. Jack looked over to me and smiled real big.

"That sounds like a good idea, Karen are you okay with it?" Jack asked.

Jack's cock was getting harder as he looked at Karen, Karen looked over at Dawn.

"Are you okay with this Dawn?"

"I think it would make a great birthday present for you, we may even have some more surprises for you." 

Karen was looking around nervously, it seemed maybe she was having second thoughts.

"Karen, I'm ready if you are," I said.

Karen turned to look at Jack, he kissed her and then moved to his chair. Dawn squeezed my hand then reached up to pull my head down to hers. Dawn gave me a big kiss then pulled my head down to whisper in my ear.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"I want to hear her scream over and over," then she kissed me again and went to sit.

I walked around and sat next to Karen on the bed. I knew that all Jack thought he was going to see was me fucking Karen while he got to watch but Dawn and I had other plans. Karen looked up into my eyes with a nervous look, I took her face in my hands.

"Just relax," and I leaned over and kissed her deeply.

Karen acted a little surprised but then relaxed as I continued kissing her. I was not sure what Jack was expecting but I was going to make passionate love to his wife. I kissed on around to the side of Karen's neck and down to her shoulders. I worked my way back up and whispered in her ear softly.

"Just imagine it is just you and me."

Karen shivered a little after I said it. I pushed her down on the bed then kissed her again, Karen moaned softly. I took my time kissing her face and neck while I ran the tips of my fingers softly over the skin of her stomach. Karen seemed to twitch each time my fingers touched her. I remember Dawn telling me that Karen had said that Jack never made soft passionate love to her, he was always in a hurry, I wasn't going to be in a hurry with her. I continued to kiss on Karen's neck and shoulders as I ran my fingers lightly over her skin. I moved my hand around brushing her skin in different places with the tips of my fingers.

I took my time tenderly stroking her skin at different places on her body. Each time I touched her in a different place she would inhale sharply. I ran them over the tops of her breasts as I kissed her on her collar bone. I then ran my fingers down to her waist and lightly touched the skin between her hip and her mons. Karen moaned again as I let my fingers travel this soft area of flesh.

"God Karen, you are so hot," I whispered in her ear as I sucked the lob of her ear between my lips.

I was whispering softly enough that only Karen could hear.

"I've wanted to make love to you for a long time, now I have you."

I ran my fingers across the area just above the top of Karen's neatly trimmed pussy hair. Karen gasped as I touched her softly.

"Do you like that?"

Karen nodded her head slightly.

"Why don't you slide up in the middle of the bed," I whispered.

I sat up and helped Karen slide up to the middle of the bed. Now I had her laying the length of the bed looking at me nervously. I was going to have some fun now. I took my hand and ran my fingers slowly and sensuously up and down her stocking covered leg, moving an inch further up each time I did. After several minutes I was brushing the tips of my fingers up and down Karen's inner thigh, inching toward her pussy but never touching before I changed and stroked the thigh of her other leg. I watched as goose bumps appeared on her skin.

"Are you cold Karen?" I asked.

"No," came out softly but loud enough for everyone to hear.

I ran my hands up and down her thigh then up to her stomach and then up to her tits and rubbed her nipples lightly. I played with her nipples until her areolas were fully swollen, this was what I was waiting for. I turned and moved so that I could lean forward and kiss Karen's lips and neck again. I placed my lips up next to her ear.

"Are you getting excited?" I whispered ever so softly.

Karen nodded her head gently.

"Your nipples are swelling, are you getting hot?"

She nodded again.

"You want me to suck your nipples?"

"Yes," came out softly.

I slowly kissed my way down her neck and down to her breasts, I kissed her areola around her nipple for a few minutes as I listen to Karen moan softly. I sucked Karen's nipple into my mouth and ran my tongue around it slowly as Karen moaned and pushed her breast up into mouth. I took my time sucking each of Karen's breasts, I wanted her hot. Karen pushed her breast up and moaned loudly as I took her huge nipple between my teeth. I felt her put a hand on the back of my head and pull me into her breast. I bit down a little harder and flicked my tongue over the end of her nipple.

"Oh yes," Karen moaned softly.

Karen was really responding to my slow attention to her body, I hoped Jack was getting jealous, he probably thought Karen was going to get a quick fuck while he watched.

I pulled at Karen's nipple while I held it between my teeth.

"Oh!" Karen moaned louder.

Karen was pushing up hard against my mouth, she was really getting off on my attention to her breasts. I moved my other hand up and used my fingers to pinch her other nipple. Karen inhaled sharply as I pinched and twisted.

"Oh god James bite my nipples."

I spent my time on Karen's nice plump breasts; she continued to moan as I kissed and licked all around them and massaged them. I used my lips and tongue on them as softly as I could while she moaned; I really thought Karen was going to have an orgasm just from my attention to her breasts. I finished by kissing around on her chest and shoulders and then kissed her neck up to her ears. I was kissing on her ears when I whispered to her.

"Are you ready for me to lick your pussy?"

"Emmm," came out softly.

"I'm going to lick and suck your pussy until you beg me to stop."

"Oh James," Karen said softly.

I kissed Karen's ear again and began kissing down her neck then I kissed her on the lips for a minute. Karen was breathing hard as I started kissing my way down her throat and on down between her breasts. As I kissed slowly toward her waist her stomach shifted up and down. When I placed my lips on the soft area just below her waist she moaned softly.

I moved around on the bed and spread Karen's legs apart and moved between them. When I leaned forward I looked at Karen's pussy, it was dripping wet. I placed my lips back on the area just above her mons and kissed softly across the top and over to each hip. Karen reacted when I kissed that soft spot at the fold of her hip and her mons. I paused and kissed around the area softly and then licked the area, Karen moaned and twisted her hips while I caressed this area.

I gave Karen plenty of attention on this area until she released my head. I moved my lips and tongue and began kissing and licking along the top of her trimmed pussy hair. Karen pushed her hips up to meet my mouth as I continued. I kissed down through her hair and approached the top of her pussy, Karen pushed herself up into my mouth but I stopped just short of her pussy.

I began kissing over toward her inner thigh. Karen moaned as I began to kiss the inside of her thigh at the top of her leg. I looked over at Dawn while I licked up and down Karen's thigh, she had one hand on her breast and one hand beginning to play with her pussy, she winked at me and smiled. I spent the next 10 minutes kissing and licking Karen's inner thighs and kissing her through her stockings, by then Karen's pussy was dripping her juices and she was moaning over and over.

I stopped for a few seconds then moved my mouth just an inch or so from Karen's pussy. I blew on her wet pussy lips just slightly.

"Oh god!" Came from Karen as she actually shivered.

Karen was as hot as I was going to get her. I moved my lips forward and as softly and gently as I could I kissed the top of her pussy lips, Karen jumped. She didn't jump just once she jerked her pussy up and down several times.

"Oh god, I can't believe this!" Karen let out.

She thrust her hips up several more times.

"Oh god I'm coming!"

I removed my lips from her pussy as she twitched and groaned for a minute then settled down. I placed my hands under Karen's knees and lifted them up and spread her legs apart then I leaned back down and licked the top of her pussy.

"Ahhh!"

Karen was hot, hotter than I had ever seen a woman at this point.

I licked slowly up the length of her pussy several times as Karen moaned over and over. The juices gathering on Karen's lips tasted very good and very different. I slowly let my tongue penetrate her lips deeper as I licked. Karen's juices were absolutely flowing from her pussy, I licked them up as they oozed out. Each time I ran my tongue between Karen's lips she tensed up. I pushed forward and drove my tongue deeper into Karen's hot pussy.

"Oh my god!" Karen said as she pushed her pussy against my mouth.

I placed my mouth completely over her pussy and sucked while I wiggled my tongue deep inside her.

"Oh god James!"

I kept probing her pussy with my tongue as she moaned and squirmed. I pulled my tongue out and licked and sucked on her outer labia. Karen reached down and placed her hand on the back of my head and pulled my head into her, undoubtedly this was a very sensitive area for her. I sucked and licked the lips on each side of her pussy as Karen moaned louder.

I reached up and grabbed a large pillow and lifted Karen's ass up and stuck it under her. Now with her pussy off the bed and her legs pushed back I had better access. I took both my hands and spread Karen's pussy lips wide apart then I started licking up and down her exposed fleshed. Karen reacted by pulling my head into her tighter.

As Karen squirmed and moaned more I slowly ran my tongue from the bottom of her pussy to the top, dragging the entire surface of my tongue over her sensitive skin. Karen was moaning wildly now. With her lips now pulled open I alternated between licking up her pussy and shoving my tongue deep inside her.

"Oh my god, you are going to make me come again!"

I quickened my pace, dragging all of my tongue up Karen's pussy as she began thrusting her hips up.

"Oh yes!"

As soon as Karen responded I pulled her lips a little further apart and then I drug my tongue up the length of her pussy again and over her clit.

"Ahhhhh!!" Karen screamed as she shoved her hips up.

I moved and licked my rough tongue up her pussy and over her clit again and again.

"Oh shit!" Karen said as she began to jerk.

Karen was coming again as I felt some of her juices squirt out. I took the tip of my tongue and began flicking her clit.

"Oh shit, oh shit!" Karen cried out.

Karen tensed up and then jerked over and over as a huge orgasm shot through her body. I licked gently on her clit while she cried out and shook and jerked, I didn't want her to ask me to stop yet. When she screamed I stopped licking her clit and let her go through her orgasm. Karen cried out and jerked over and over, I watched as she was overcome.

I gave Karen a few minutes to regain her breath and then began kissing her stomach softly. Karen would moan softly each time I kissed her. I slowly kissed my way back up to her breasts and licked and kissed her nipples for a few minutes then kissed up to her neck. Knowing that Karen was resistant to tasting her own pussy I placed my lips to her ear and whispered.

"Kiss me Karen."

Karen moaned and I placed my wet lips over hers. Karen was so hot at this point she returned my kiss and I drove my tongue in her mouth as she did mine and I let her taste her juices. Karen moaned as I continued to kiss her. I kissed around to her ear and whispered again.

"I'm not finished with your pussy, remember you have to beg me to stop."

"Emmmm," came softly from Karen.

I kissed Karen on the lips again and kissed my way back down to her legs. Karen moaned as my lips got near her pussy. I took two fingers and slowly inserted them into her pussy.

"Ahhhh!"

I worked then in and out slowly as Karen got into it. I slipped them in and out easily as Karen moaned and jerked a few times but allowed me to explore the inside of her pussy. I looked over at Jack and he had his hand around his cock holding it as he watched. When I looked at Amy she had her fingers inside her pussy and was working it over.

After a little while Karen had settled and was absorbed in the feeling of my fingers slipping in and out of her of her pussy as it grew wetter and slicker. As Karen lay there with her eyes closed softly moaning I moved and leaned forward and licked her pussy lips again while I pushed my fingers in, Karen tensed. I pulled my fingers from her pussy and placed my mouth over her pussy softly, Karen moaned again. While I sucked gently on her pussy I placed the tip of one of my slick fingers up to her asshole.

"Emmmmm."

I remembered that Karen had told Dawn that Jack fucked her in the ass occasionally. I pushed my index finger slowly in as I sucked on her pussy, Karen moaned. I slowly worked my finger in and out of her ass until I felt her relax. Once she relaxed I pulled my index finger out and placed two fingers next to her asshole and pushed. Karen tensed a little as they slid in then she relaxed. She let me suck her pussy and work my fingers in and out of her ass gently. Karen was moaning over and over when I began circling her clit with my tongue.

"Oh yes."

I pushed my fingers in deep and worked them around as I felt Karen begin to respond to my licking of her clit. Karen was slowly building up again to another orgasm as I worked on her. I pulled my fingers from Karen's ass and grabbed her knees and pushed them up to her shoulders. I licked up Karen's pussy again and she moaned. I moved my mouth down a little and stuck the tip of my tongue up to her asshole and circled it.

"Oh my god!"

I circled her relaxed asshole with my tongue for a minute then pushed it inside of her.

"Oh!"

I managed to get a lot of my tongue into her stretched hole and probe around. Karen's moans became louder and louder. When Karen reached down and placed her hand on the back of my head to push me further into her ass I reached up and took her hand. I removed her hand from my head and guided it to her pussy. I placed her hand over her pussy and pushed her fingers down onto it so that she now had her fingers where she could rub her clit. Karen took my guidance and began circling her clit with her fingers. Karen moaned louder as she fingered herself and I probed her ass. The longer I tongued her the faster she worked her fingers over her clit. Karen began to moan uncontrollably as I worked her over, she began to jerk and twist on the bed. Karen was in one long continuous moan when I removed my tongue from her ass and kissed her on the back of her hand then moved it.

I flicked Karen's clit quickly with my tongue, she pushed her pussy up to my mouth. I circled her clit with tongue as she kept shoving her pussy up into my mouth.

"Oh James that feels so good, I'm going to come again!"

Karen was thrashing around on the bed lost in her ecstasy. When I felt like she was near another orgasm I placed my mouth firmly over her clit and began to suck hard.

"Ahhhh!!" Karen screamed as she thrust her pussy into my mouth.

Karen began screaming she was coming over and over. She jerked her hips up hard several times then thrust them up and held them as I sucked and licked.

"Oh god!!" Karen screamed as she began jerking as another orgasm went through her body.

I tasted Karen's juices as she squirted out in to my mouth, she was coming over and over. Karen screamed again then dropped her hips back to the bed. I tongued her clit as fast as I could as Karen jerked on the bed.

"Oh shit! Oh my god!"

Karen reached down and grabbed my hair.

"Oh my god, I can't take any more!"

I kept flicking my tongue over her clit.

"Oh god James, please stop!!"

I stopped licking Karen's clit and kissed her pussy gently several times.

"Oh my god!!" Karen cried out as she collapsed into the bed.

I leaned forward and placed my lips over hers and kissed her deeply. Karen was breathing hard as I pressed my lips to hers, she opened her mouth and I explored it with my tongue. Karen was getting a good taste of her own pussy juices because my mouth was full of them. She moaned as I continued to kiss her. Karen pulled away after a minute.

"I have to catch my breath."

I kissed her gently on the lips and then turned slightly to look at Dawn. She caught my look as she fingered her pussy and gave me a wink and a smile.

"I told you you would have to beg me stop," I whispered in Karen's ear.

"Oh my god James, that was fantastic," Karen replied.

"Are you ready for the rest?"

"Give me a minute please," Karen responded.

I returned to kissing on Karen's breasts while she recovered.

After several minutes I moved up to whisper in her ear.

"I'm going to fuck you now until you beg me to stop. I'm going to make you come over and over again, are you ready?"

"Oh god yes," Karen whispered in my ear.

I kissed Karen again and pushed myself up between her legs. I ran my fingers over Karen's pussy and it was dripping wet. Karen looked up into my eyes as I stroked her pussy carefully. I lifted her legs back up so they were spread and Karen placed her feet under her hips and held them open. I moved up as I looked into Karen's eyes and took my cock in my hand and placed the tip against her hot wet pussy lips.

"James be gentle," Karen said.

"You just tell me when to go."

I held my cock and slipped the tip slowly up and down between her pussy lips. Karen looked at me while I got the head good and wet. I pushed forward a little and let the tip of my cock begin to spread her lips.

"Mmmmm!"

I felt the head of my cock begin to slip into her opening so I pushed forward some more.

"Oh yes..."

I continued to push until I felt the head of cock slip inside Karen's pussy. Karen moaned and I pushed several inches into her.

"Oh god yes!"

Karen's pussy was very wet and tight but I slipped a few more inches into her.

"Oh god!"

I pulled what I had inside her back and pushed back in slipping more into Karen.

"Oh my god, go slow."

I pulled back and pushed about half my cock back in and held it while Karen relaxed. I did this several more times waiting on Karen.

"More."

I pulled out and pressed back in giving Karen another inch or so.

"Oh my god!"

I continued to pull out and push back in and stop at the point Karen wanted.

"Mmmmmm! More!"

I pulled back and then slowly slipped more into Karen, I felt the tip of cock press into Karen's cervix.

"Ahhhhhh! Oh my god!"

I pulled in and out of Karen pushing back in each time until I felt my cock touch her cervix. I kept this up until Karen began to moan over and over. Karen's pussy was tight but it was beginning to relax. Each time I pushed against her she moaned. I had about 2 inches to go until I was all the way in. I pushed my cock in until I felt it pushing hard against Karen.

"Oh James wait," Karen let out breathlessly.

I held my cock up against Karen's cervix until I felt her relax more.

"Okay," Karen let out.

I pulled my cock almost all the way out and then slowly pushed it back in, when I felt the tip contact Karen's insides I continued to push.

"Ahhhh!" Karen let out.

I held my cock pushing hard against her cervix and then began to pull out and push back in, pushing hard into Karen. She kept moaning as I worked in and out of her over and over. I wasn't sure I was going to get all the way in so I began to work in and out slowly as Karen moaned over and over. Karen's pussy was hot and wet and the feeling of my cock bumping up against her each time I pushed in felt incredible. I went with what I had and began to push in and out of Karen making sure I didn't go any further.

"Oh James yes, give it to me!"

Karen was breathing hard as I kept up my pace. I placed my hands on her hips and sped up so that I was sliding in and out her at a steady pace. Karen looked up at me and moved her hands to her breasts and began squeezing. Even though I wanted to pound Karen I remembered Dawn telling me to take it slow and drive Karen crazy. I slowed down a little and kept pushing in and out of Karen.

"Oh god that feels so good!"

"You want more?"

"Not yet, just keep going!"

Karen's pussy was still a little tight so I kept taking it easy. I looked down and watched my cock sliding in and out of Karen's pussy, I could see her juices were flowing well. I kept my pace up for about 10 minutes, I was surprised Karen hadn't had another orgasm but I could tell she was struggling and holding back. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh god yes, that's it!" Karen let out as she began to twist and squirm under me.

Karen moaned and grunted each time I pushed into her. I still could have slipped another inch deep into Karen but she wouldn't stretch any more. I kept thrusting in and out of her as she began to tense up.

"Oh my god, faster!"

I sped up a little, she moaned and cried out each time I reached the depth of her pussy. Karen was really starting to build now as I kept slipping in and out of her. Karen looked up at me and our eyes locked. She had a look of lust in her eyes as I stared back. Karen's mouth was open and she was breathing hard as she looked into my eyes.

"Ahhh!" "Ahhh!" "Ahhh!" Came out each time I pushed in.

I gently began to give Karen I little more, feeling my cock banging against her.

"Oh god, yes, yes, yes!!" Karen screamed.

I felt Karen's pussy begin to spasm and clamp down around my cock. I watched as her face contorted as she tensed up. Karen moaned louder and louder as I bumped into her.

"Oh god!! Harder I'm coming!!"

Karen began jerking and thrashing as I gave it to her a little harder and faster.

"Ahhhhhh!!!" Karen screamed as I felt her body tense.

"Oh shit!!" Karen screamed as I felt her pussy clamp down hard on my cock.

I continued to slide in and out.

"Oh my god I'm coming!!"

Karen thrust her hips up hard several times and then I felt the muscle contractions begin in her pussy as she was over taken by an orgasm.

"Ahhhh!!!"

Karen slammed her head into the bed hard over and over as she shook and jerked.

"Ahhhh!! Oh my god!!"

Karen slammed her head back and her back arched up hard and she let out a scream. I began to push my cock into her making sure I didn't hurt her.

"Oh shit!!" Karen screamed as another orgasm ripped through her body.

Karen was out of control now, her head was thrashing from side to side and her back was arching up and down over and over as I kept slipping in and out. 

"Oh god I'm coming again!!"

Karen jammed her hips against me hard several times meeting each of my thrust.

"Mmmmmmm!! Oh James!!"

I began pulling in and out in long deep strokes, almost pulling all the way out and then thrusting back in.

"Jeeezzzz!!"

Karen was panting quickly, I kept thrusting in and out in long deliberate strokes. Karen cried out each time I pushed back in. Her pussy was twitching and clamping down around my cock tighter and tighter. It was an effort to push back in each time as she tensed and tightened.

"Oh my god!!!" Karen screamed as her back arched up.

I shoved in as far as I could and held it as Karen jerked over and over.

"Ahhhh!!!"

Karen jerked again and then began squirting juices out and onto my cock. She was experiencing a mind blowing orgasm as she shook. Karen jerked several more times and her hips collapsed down on the bed.

"Oh...James...please...no...more!!"

I pushed my cock in and held it as Karen shook and trembled some more. Karen's body went limp and her eyes closed. I stopped pushing into her and leaned forward on top of her.

"Karen...," I said to her softly and got no response.

"Karen... Karen...," I said into her ear.

She was gone, Karen appeared to have passed out.

"Karen...," nothing.

I kissed her on the lips and then moved my mouth to her ear and bit down on her ear lobe.

"Mmmmmmm, ouch!"

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Oh god...yes...sorry about that," she responded softly.

"I never had a woman pass out on me," I said to her.

"Oh god that was incredible, I have never had that many orgasms before, thank you."

"I'm glad you enjoyed but I am not finished with you," I said to Karen as I pushed my cock into her to remind her I was still hard.

"Ahhh! You're still hard, you didn't come?"

"Not yet."

"James, I can't take anymore right now."

I placed my mouth next to Karen's ear and whispered.

"Then I want you to do something."

"What," Karen whispered softly.

"I want you to suck my cock."

"James...I...I don't know."

"Jack would really get off watching you suck my cock."

"James, I have never done that."

"You have never sucked a cock, I know better than that."

"No, I have never done it after sex."

"Do it now, let Jack see you do it," I whispered. "Jack will really get off on it, you said you wanted him to get off."

"I'll try."

"I think you will enjoy it."

I pushed myself up and pulled my rock hard cock from Karen's pussy, she lifted her hips up and I pulled the pillow out from under her ass and lay down next to her. I looked over at Jack and he was moving to the edge of his chair.

"We're not finished yet Jack," I told him.

Jack smiled and leaned back in his chair, Karen looked up at Jack and smiled back at him. I rolled onto my back and Karen pushed herself up on an elbow. She ran a hand up and down my stomach several times and then leaned forward as she moved down. Karen grabbed my slippery cock with her hand and then slowly moved to it. She looked up at Jack sitting next to the bed and then slowly licked the head of my cock. Karen hesitated a moment then licked it again. Slowly Karen placed her lips around the head of my cock and held them there as she ran her tongue around the head.

"Mmmmmm," came from Karen.

I watched as she looked up at Jack while she had the head of my cock in her mouth, she moaned again. Karen took her time exploring the new taste while she swirled her tongue around on my cock. I reached down and ran my fingers through her hair as she took her time. I looked over at Dawn and she was smiling at me as she squeezed her tits.

"Mmmmmm," came from Karen again.

Karen sucked a few inches into her mouth and sucked hard on my cock. She stroked my cock a few times as she sucked harder and harder. I was really getting turned on thinking about Karen tasting her pussy on my cock but I wasn't going to come.

Karen slowly began bobbing her head up and down on my cock as she looked at Jack. I watched as Jack wrapped his hand around his cock and slowly began to stroke it. Jack was staring intently at Karen as she sucked my cock. Karen lowered her mouth down further and took several more inches in while she stroked my shaft. I looked at Jack and he and Karen were staring into each other's eyes.

Jack began stroking his cock more aggressively. Karen began bobbing her head up and down at the same pace Jack was stroking his cock. After several minutes Karen was bobbing up and down on my cock rapidly at the same fast pace Jack was jacking off. I watched as Jack began to tense and twist, he was really getting off on watching Karen.

"Mmmmmm!" Karen moaned loudly as she watched Jack, Jack sped up to a point Karen couldn't keep up.

Jack was really jacking off now as he watched Karen. Karen began to slowly slide her lips up and down my cock as she moaned, she was now putting on a show for Jack. Jack began moaning as he jerked his cock. Karen forced her mouth down on my cock until I felt it hit the back of her throat, she gagged several times but kept sucking more and more of me into her mouth as she looked at Jack.

"Oh god!" Jack let out as he began to come.

Jack thrust his hips up as he came in several huge squirts.

"Oh god Karen!" He yelled as he finished coming.

Karen removed her mouth from my cock and watched as Jack jerked and twitched as he finished jacking off.

I heard Amy moaning, I turned my head to see her driving her fingers in and out of her pussy as she came in a jerk. I looked at Dawn and she was watching Jack intently. Karen was watching Jack as she slowly stroked my cock.

"Oh god Karen that was hot!" Jack said.

"You enjoyed it then?" Karen asked.

"Oh yes, I can't believe you did that, did you like it?"

"Yes I did, I taste pretty good."

"I thought you would like it," I said.

Karen looked back at me and smiled.

"Thank you James," she said.

"Are you ready to finish?" I asked.

"What...what do you mean?"

"You haven't gotten me off yet."

"Oh. I'll finishing sucking your cock then."

"I have something else in mind," I told her.

"What else do you want?"

"I want to see you take all of my cock into your pussy."

"James I don't think I can."

"I think you can if you try harder."

"What else can I do?"

"I want you on top."

"I don't know if I can James."

"Do it Karen," Jack said.

Karen looked over at Jack again and then looked back at me.

"Do it Karen, I want to see all of his cock inside you," Jack said.

"I'll try."

Karen got up on all fours and straddled my hips with her legs. She got her legs under her and lowered her ass down on my thighs as she looked at my cock.

"Karen, I'll let you go as you please," I told her.

"I'll try."

Karen eased up so that her pussy was over my hard cock and raised her hips. She reached down and fingered her pussy a few times to make sure it was still wet. She was not only wet, she was dripping. Karen shifted around and reached between her legs and grabbed my cock. I watched as she positioned it at the entrance of her pussy. She worked it around until the head was just between her pussy lips. Then I watched as she took both her hands and spread her pussy lips apart and began lowering her pussy.

"Mmmmmmm," came from Karen as the first few inches of my cock slipped into her.

Karen rose up and then lowered herself down again as she held her pussy lips apart, she slipped several more inches into her tight pussy. Karen removed her hands from her pussy and began to slip up and down on my cock slowly.

"You feel good Karen," I told her.

"You feel good inside me."

I had a feeling Karen was no longer just wanting to get fucked, I think she was going to put on a show for Jack now.

"Oh god James you are so big," Karen said as she worked more of my cock into her pussy.

"Karen your pussy is so tight, keep working it in."

Jack was looking at his wife as she worked her way up and down on my cock slowly. Karen looked over at Jack and smiled at him as he watched. Karen worked her way down on my cock until she only had a few inches to go as she kept sliding up and down.

"Oh god James your cock is so big."

Karen was teasing Jack now and I knew it. I felt the tip of cock press against Karen's cervix as she pushed down a little more.

"Oh god, I don't think I can get anymore in me."

Karen lowered herself down as far as she could, I could feel the pressure on the tip of my cock as she pushed.

"Oh god you are stretching me out!" Karen let out.

I looked at Jack and he was watching my cock disappear inside Karen as she pushed down.

"Dawn how do you get all this inside you?" Karen asked as she turned to look at Dawn.

Dawn looked at Karen and smiled.

"You just keep trying," Dawn told her.

"I'm trying, I'm trying, oh god he is so big!" Karen let out with just a little too much emphasis on big.

Karen pulled herself up to the tip of my cock as Jack watched and then pushed herself back down until I felt the pressure on the tip of my cock.

"Oh yes, that feels so good!"

Karen began wiggling her hips as she pushed down, I could feel the head of my cock sliding against her cervix. Karen wiggled her hips and pushed down as she moaned louder and louder.

"Oh my god!!"

Karen was breathing deeply as she kept pushing down. I could feel the inside of her pussy begin to relax and stretch as she eased down. I felt her pussy loosen up then she eased on down as her cervix slipped to the side.

"Oh god!!" Karen screamed as her pussy engulfed my cock and her pussy lips settled down on my groin. "This is incredible!!"

Karen turned to look at Jack as she wiggled her hips letting all my cock fill her up.

"Oh my god Dawn, this is incredible."

"I thought you would enjoy it," Dawn said.

"Oh I am, I am."

Karen was really teasing Jack as she worked her pussy around. Karen placed her hands on my stomach as she settled down more and more until she had all her weight on top of me.

"Mmmmmmm, god James you are so big!!"

Karen settled in and began to thrust her hips back and forth on my cock. She leaned forward and her hair fell around her face as she kept working her hips.

"Ahhh, yes!"

Jack watched Karen as she began thrusting her hips against me cock, she was moaning and grunting with each thrust. I reached up and began playing with her breasts as she worked her hips. Karen kept her thrusting up and down for at least 10 minutes before I heard her start breathing harder.

"Oh James, I want you to come in me and fill my pussy up," she gasped.

I looked over at Jack and he was slowly stroking his cum covered hard-on as he watched. Karen was becoming breathless as she thrust harder and faster.

"Oh James, I going to come, come with me!!"

"Keep working it Karen!!"

Karen starting moaning loudly as she sat up and put all her weight on me and thrust her hips. Karen reached up and placed her hands in her hair and threw her head back.

"Ahhhhh!!!" Karen screamed as she began to jerk. "I'm coming!!!"

I felt Karen's pussy tighten up as she began to climax. She thrust her hips fast several times and pushed down hard and screamed. She then collapsed on top of me, her breast pressing up against my chest as she gasped for air.

"Don't you ever come?" Karen asked in a gasp.

"Only when I am ready and you're ready," I told her.

"Oh my god I have been ready."

"Not yet," I told her as I wrapped my arms around her.

"I don't know what else I can do."

"I have something else I can do for you," I told her.

"What else can we do?"

I looked at Jack and he was stroking his cum covered cock.

"I have something I think you will enjoy."

"What?"

"Jack, you want to get behind her and fuck her in the ass?"

"Oh my god!" Karen let out.

"Well Jack?"

"Oh god James, Jack, I don't know!"

"Just relax Karen."

"I don't know about this!"

"Well Jack, are you going to do it?"

Jack looked at me then got up and moved to the bed and got behind Karen.

"Jack I don't know about this!"

I held Karen loosely as she tried to turn and look.

"Relax Karen, I think you will enjoy this."

My cock was pulsing inside Karen's swollen pussy as I felt Jack move into position. I felt Karen tense up.

"Oh god Jack!"

I felt the bed moving as Jack pressed his cock into Karen's ass.

"Ahhhh!!" Came from Karen. "Easy!!"

I held Karen as she moaned and groaned as Jack worked his cock into her ass. I could feel Jack's cock slipping into her ass as it rubbed against mine through the thin skin of Karen's pussy. Jack began to slowly pull in and out of Karen's ass.

"Ahhhhh!! Oh my god!!" Karen screamed into my chest.

Jack began to increase his speed as Karen screamed and moaned. I didn't think Jack would last long so I began thrusting my cock up into Karen.

"Oh my god, I can't believe this!!"

Karen was moaning and screaming at the top of her lungs as Jack and I pumped her. Knowing Karen was getting it in the ass while I pumped her was turning me on. Jack was pounding away as I thrust deep into Karen.

"Oh shit!!!" Karen screamed as we continued.

I could her Jack grunting as he slammed away at Karen's ass while I kept thrusting into his wife.

"Ahhhhhh!! I'm coming!!" Karen screamed as she began jerking back against our thrust. "Fuck me harder!!"

Jack began to hammer Karen as she grunted and moaned. I heard Jack grunting and breathing hard as he kept up his pace. Karen's body was sliding up and down on mine as he pounded her ass.

"Oh god!!!" Karen screamed as I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock as she came.

"Ahhhh!!" Came from Jack. "I coming in your ass!!"

Jack's rhythm became jagged as he pumped Karen's ass full of his cum. Jack screamed one more time and he jammed his cock into Karen.

"Oh god Jack!!" Karen screamed.

Karen was jerking over and over as I began to thrust into her as hard and fast as I could.

"Oh god, I'm coming again!!" Karen screamed. "James fuck me harder!!"

I kept going until I felt my orgasm build, harder and harder I thrust into Karen.

"I'm going to fill your pussy!!" I screamed at Karen.

I felt my balls contract and my cock jerked and I began pumping cum into Karen's pussy.

"Oh my god!!" Came from Karen.

I thrust and pumped as best I could with Karen lying on top of me. I could feel my cock jerking as it continued to pump all I had into her.

"Mmmmm!! Oh shit!!" Came from Karen each time I thrust into her.

I felt Jack give Karen I few more thrust as my contractions began to fade.

"Oh shit!!!" Came from Karen as she jerked again.

"No more, no more," came from Karen then she went silent.

I could feel Karen's full weight on top of me, she had passed out again. Jack was moving around behind her as he pulled his cock out of her ass. Karen was breathing hard as she lay quiet. I felt Jack get off the bed and I held Karen and rolled her over onto her back as my cock slipped from her pussy. She was limp and her eyes were closed as I released my hold on her.

"Jack, what should we do?" Dawn asked.

"Just leave her for a few minutes."

Jack walked around to the other side of the bed and sat next to Karen while he stroked her face.

"Does she do this often?" I asked.

"Not often, but she is okay."

I turned toward her and placed my hand on her stomach and rubbed gently. Karen was breathing hard as she lay there. I watched as Dawn sat on the bed next to Jack. Amy had moved around and was sitting on the bed behind me. We watched Karen for a few minutes before she moaned.

"Mmmmmm," came from Karen.

"Wake up honey," Jack said as he stroked her face.

"Mmmmmm."

"Karen...," Jack called.

Karen opened her eyes and looked up.

"What happened?"

"You passed out," I said to her.

"Oh my god, I guess I did."

"Are you okay?" Dawn asked.

"Oh yes. Sorry about that, I just got so light headed..."

"You want to sit up," Jack asked.

"Just let me lay here a minute. I can't believe what you two did to me."

"I didn't mean for you to pass out, I meant for you to enjoy it," I told her.

"Oh I enjoyed it, it was incredible."

"I have never heard you scream so much," Jack said.

"Did you enjoy it honey?" Karen asked Jack.

"Oh god I have never come like that."

"Did you enjoy it James?"

"You were wonderful Karen," I told her.

"Oh god Dawn have you ever done that?" Karen asked as she looked down at Dawn.

"No I haven't."

"You have to do it, it was unreal. I don't know how it could get much better."

"I'll have to try it," Dawn replied.

Karen moved to sit up.

"Oh my, my head is spinning."

"Sit up slow," Jack told her.

Karen slowly moved to a sitting position on the bed. I sat up in the bed next to her.

"Happy Birthday," I said.

Karen looked at me and began laughing then everyone was laughing. Dawn and Amy stood and looked on as the laughing subsided.

"Thanks for the birthday present everyone."

"I hope you enjoyed it," Dawn told her.

"Oh I did, can we have some cake now?"

Dawn laughed again and reached for Karen's hand to help her out of the bed. Karen stood up slowly and we all went back to the kitchen to get some cake and drinks.

"Oh god I have cum running all down my legs," Karen said as she looked down.

"I'll get you towel," Amy said.

When Amy returned with the towel Karen wiped away as much of the cum as she could then sat down at the bar. Dawn handed her a piece of cake and a glass of wine.

"Oh my, I need some sugar," Karen said as she began eating the cake.

Dawn passed the cake out as I poured the wine, we all sat around the bar and ate and drank quietly for a few minutes. It was about 11:00, we had been going at it for about three hours.

"I bet you're ready to go to bed now Karen," Dawn said. "I hope you had a good birthday."

"It has been very good thanks to you."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
"I'm glad you had fun, maybe tomorrow we will have some more presents for you."

"I can't wait," Karen replied as she stood up.

Dawn stood up and walked over to Karen and gave her a hug.

"You two have a good night."

I stood and walked up behind Dawn and wrapped my arms around her as Jack got up. He and Karen headed toward the bedroom as we watched. As soon as the door closed Amy stood up and walked over to Dawn and me.

"Oh god I am so horny!" Amy said.

"You two come with me," I said.

I took Amy and Dawn's hand's and led them upstairs to the bedroom. When we got to the bed I let Amy and Dawn climb in.

"I want to watch you two," I told them.

"What about you," Amy asked.

"I have to save it for Karen tomorrow."

Dawn and Amy laughed and then turned their attention to each other. I knew Dawn and Amy were both hot and horny and I couldn't please both of them. I sat on the end of the bed and watched as Dawn and Amy eventually got into a 69 with Amy on top. I really did enjoy watching the two of them make love to each other. I watched as the two of them made love and soon had each other moaning and groaning. They kept it up for a long time before they each started coming in a huge orgasms. My cock was hard as a rock but I didn't interrupt them while they finished.

"Oh god Dawn that was great," Amy said as she rolled off Dawn.

"I needed that Amy," Dawn replied. "James are you sure you want to wait until tomorrow?"

"I can wait, I want to have plenty for Karen tomorrow when she is tied up."

"You like the idea of her being tied up?" Dawn asked.

"Maybe, I'll just have to wait and see."

"Just make sure you fill her full of cum tomorrow, I want to watch Jack fuck her after you have filled her up."

"James, would you like to tie me up sometime?" Amy asked.

"If you want."

"Dawn, do you want to be tied up sometime?" Amy asked.

"Maybe, we have never done that."

"Maybe James and I can tie you up sometime," Amy told her.

"Now that sounds like fun," I said.

Dawn looked at me and smiled.

"We'll see," Dawn replied.

"Karen really acted like she enjoyed the two of you fucking her at the same time," Amy said.

"Yes she did, I wasn't expecting that," Dawn replied. "What got into you James?"

"I just wanted to make sure Karen had a memorable birthday."

"I think she did," Dawn replied.

"James, when will you let Dawn and I try that?" Amy asked.

"We can talk about it later," I told her.

"Good, it looked like fun," Amy said.

"Yes it did," Dawn replied as she looked at me and smiled.

"Let's get some sleep," I told the two of them.

I woke up early and gently got out of bed and took a shower. When I returned Amy and Dawn were still asleep. I went downstairs quietly and went to the computer room to edit last night's events for Karen and Jack. There really wasn't much to edit I just needed to split it up and put it on two DVD's. While the DVD's were burning I watched the part were Jack and I were both fucking Karen, it got me hard again.

Fucking her while Jack fucked her in the ass had been more fun than I thought it would be. It had been a spur of the moment idea and I just went with it. I thought to myself that Dawn probably would enjoy doing that and so would Amy. While I thought about it, I got really horny thinking about some other guy fucking Dawn, I was beginning to come to terms with it if she wanted to do it but I didn't think Jack would be the one she would want to do it with first.

I was finishing up the labels for the DVD's when I heard the shower in Jack and Karen's bedroom, I pulled up their bathroom on the monitor. Karen was in the shower getting cleaned up from last night. I couldn't help but watch her shower for the next 10 minutes or so, she really did have a nice body. When she finished I turned off the monitor and finished the DVD's and then went to the kitchen to start some coffee. After the coffee was going Dawn came down to the kitchen wearing just a short robe hanging open.

"You're up early."

"I wanted to get the recording on some DVD's for Karen and Jack."

"Did you finish?"

"Yes, they are ready."

"Honey, what did you think about Karen passing out last night?"

"I have never seen that but I have heard of it."

"Really?"

"Yes, we studied it in school. It usually happens to women and men that have a lower than normal blood pressure. When all the blood rushes to the center of the body during an orgasm their blood pressure drops and they pass out."

"She scared me."

"I thought it was kind of a turn on."

"You did, why?" Dawn asked.

"I don't know, I just did."

"Was Karen a good fuck?"

"Yes she was, I got really turned on when she started teasing Jack."

"I think she was trying to make him a little jealous," Dawn said.

"I think it just turned him on more."

"We better start some breakfast, Amy is in the shower and will be down soon."

"Dawn?"

"Yes."

"Would you like to be fucked by two men at the same time?"

"Maybe."

Dawn and I started breakfast for everyone, Amy came downstairs a few minutes later with her hair wet and wearing just a short robe also.

"What is the plan for today?" Amy asked.

"Is there a plan?" I asked the two of them.

"You just take care of your part honey, we'll take care of the rest," Dawn told me.

Dawn and Amy exchanged a look before Dawn returned to cooking.

"Something smells good," I heard Karen say from behind me.

I turned to see her and Jack walking across the den, Karen just had on a robe and so did Jack.

"Good morning you two, did you sleep well?" I asked.

"Very well, I was exhausted," Karen said as she got to the kitchen.

"Not too tired I hope," I said to Karen with a smile.

"No, not too tired," she replied with a smile.

"That smells good Dawn," Jack said.

"It will be ready in a few minutes."

I grabbed the plates and glasses and set them out for everyone.

"Amy how are you this morning?" Karen asked.

"Good."

"I feel like we left you out last night."

"Oh I got what I wanted later," Amy replied.

I turned to see Karen and Jack looking at Amy with a smile. Amy just looked back and returned the smile. Only if Karen and Jack knew I thought.

"I have the DVD's ready from last night."

"Already!" Karen exclaimed.

"I made them before everyone got up, they look hot."

"Can we watch them?"

"Why don't you wait and watch them when the two of you are together," I told Karen.

"It's ready," Dawn said as she turned and began serving everyone.

We all sat and talked while we ate breakfast. The conversation turned to the previous night.

"James, have you ever done that before?" Karen asked.

"What?"

"Have you ever done what you and Jack did to me before?"

"No, that was just for you."

"Dawn, you haven't done that before?"

"No I haven't."

"It was incredible, you will have to try it."

"Maybe I will," Dawn replied.

"I hope you do."

"We don't do this all the time," Jack added.

"Well maybe you should," I told Jack.

Jack and Karen looked at each other and smiled.

"What are you all doing for Thanksgiving?" Karen asked.

"Our families are coming in for a few days," Dawn replied.

"Sounds like fun."

"How long can you two stay?" Dawn asked.

"The kids are at my parents, they are good until this afternoon."

"Good, you two need a break."

We all sat and talked for a while before we ran out of things to talk about.

"Dawn let me help you clean up," Karen offered.

"No, just leave it, I'll get it later," Dawn replied. "What would you like to do this morning?"

"I don't know what do you all usually do on the weekends?" Karen replied.

"We usually fuck all morning then get in the hot tub after," Dawn told Karen.

"The hot tub sounds good," Karen said.

"Come then we can go sit in the hot tub in the sunroom," Dawn replied as she walked around the bar and took Karen's hand and headed toward the sunroom.

"That sounds like a good idea," Amy said as she stood and took off her robe and laid it over the barstool. 

Jack and I watched as Amy walked across the den and down the hall after Karen and Dawn.

"James is she always like that?" Jack asked as he looked at me.

"Pretty much," I told him.

"She sure has a beautiful body."

"That she does."

"Do you have sex with her much?"

"As often as I can."

"And Dawn is cool with it?"

"Yes she is."

"Wow."

"Let's follow the ladies," I told Jack.

By the time we got to the sunroom our ladies were already in the hot tub giggling. 

"Come on in you two," Karen said.

Jack and I took off our robes and climbed in the hot tub. I sat between Dawn and Amy and Jack sat close to Karen.

"This is nice," Karen said.

"You know you can come over anytime and enjoy it," I reminded them.

"We may take you up on that," Jack replied.

"I wish you would," Dawn told them.

While we talked I kept noticing Jack taking looks at Amy's tits as they poked up out of the water. Karen saw him looking but didn't say anything or try to stop him. Amy kept looking at Jack as he looked over at her. After about 20 minutes of Jack peeking at her breasts Amy sat up higher and took her hands and pressed her breasts together so Jack could look.

"Jack you like my tits?" Amy asked.

Jack was startled when Amy said that.

"I'm sorry Amy I didn't meant to stare," Jack said.

"That's okay, men stare at them all the time, I don't mind."

"You do look nice Amy," Karen said. "Jack is a boob man."

"That's good since you have nice tits," Amy told Karen.

"Thanks, he does like to play with them."

"Jack would you like to play with my tits?" Amy asked to my amazement.

"Uh...," came from Jack.

"Karen can Jack play with my tits," Amy asked Karen.

Karen looked back at Amy and smiled a little then she looked at Jack.

"Sure if he wants to," Karen said.

Jack looked over at Karen shocked.

"Go ahead honey if Amy doesn't mind."

"I don't mind," Amy said as she stood and moved toward Jack until she was standing in front of him.

"Oh my," Jack said as he looked at Amy's tits.

"Go ahead Jack, you can touch them," Amy told him.

Jack looked at Karen again then looked back at Amy and slowly raised a hand and placed it on one of Amy's tits. Jack slowly massage Amy's tit, I think he was checking to see if they were real, then Jack raised his other hand and placed it on her other tit. After a few minutes he was rubbing and squeezing Amy's nipples.

"I think Jack is enjoying this," Karen said.

"Is this how he plays with your tits Karen?" Amy asked.

"He likes to play with my nipples. When I was lactating he liked to squeeze them and make the milk come out then lick it off."

"Jack would you like to lick my nipples?"

"I better stop," Jack said.

"Why?" Amy asked.

"I just better."

"As far as I know Jack hasn't touched another woman since we have been married and hasn't asked to," Karen said.

"But you let James fuck Karen, why can't you have some fun Jack," Amy asked.

"I just never needed anyone but Karen, I love her too much to touch another woman."

"If that is true then why did you let James fuck her?" Amy asked.

"Because I love her and she enjoys it."

"Karen you don't mind oi Jack plays with my tits or sucks on them do you?"

"I don't mind," Karen replied.

Amy leaned forward until her nipples were about an inch from Jack's face. Jack looked closely and then grabbed Amy's tit and placed his lips on her nipple. Karen watched as he began sucking on her nipple. He squeezed Amy's breast then sucked more of her nipple into his mouth while we watched. I wasn't sure what Amy was up to but Jack was enjoying it.

"Karen are you okay with this?" Dawn asked.

"Sure."

Amy placed her hand behind Jack's head and pulled him in hard as he sucked on her nipple.

"Karen does Jack like to titty fuck you?" Amy asked.

Karen looked up at Amy and said, "He has never asked to do it, but my breasts are not big enough."

"I think you have enough Karen. Jack would you like to fuck my tits?"

Jack stopped sucking and Amy's nipple and looked up at her then looked over at Karen.

"I don't know." Jack replied while he looked at Karen.

"Karen wouldn't mind, would you Karen?" Amy asked.

"Go ahead Jack, I would like to watch," Karen replied.

"Uh...okay," Jack said.

"Jack sit on the edge of the tub," Amy told him.

Jack slowly stood up and sat on the top edge of the tub. He already had a hard-on when Amy grabbed his cock. Amy got on her knees on the seat in front of him and leaned forward. She grabbed her tits and wrapped them around Jack's cock while he looked down at her.

"Does that feel good Jack?" Amy questioned him as she looked up at his face.

"Yes it does."

Amy mashed her tits together and began moving them up and down the length of Jack's cock. Jack leaned back holding himself up with his arms and watched Amy massage his cock with her huge tits. Karen was watching closely as Amy continued to rub. Amy was moving her tits up and down the full length of Jack's cock as she watched the head appear and disappear between her tits. Amy had let me titty fuck her once so I knew what Jack was feeling.

"Oh Amy that feels good," Jack told her.

Amy moved in closer and wrapped Jack's cock deep between her tits and moved them up and down. Jack began to squirm a little as Amy sped up as she pumped his cock with her soft flesh. Jack began to push up against Amy as she moved.

"You like this?" Amy asked.

"Yes I do," Jack struggled to reply.

Jack was beginning to have trouble holding back as Amy continued.

"Amy that was great," Jack said as he sat up.

"Jack, don't you want to come on my tits?" Amy pressed as she moved faster. "Just lean back and let me finish."

Jack leaned back again and Amy kept going until Jack began to thrust his hips up against her. After several more minutes Jack groaned and gasped as he began shooting cum between Amy's tits.

"Oh god Amy," Jack let out as he humped her tits.

Amy continued to slide Jack's now slippery cock between her tits. Jack jerked and thrust some more until he couldn't take anymore. He reached forward and grabbed Amy's hands and held them still until he stopped jerking. Amy stood up and turned toward Karen, I could see them cum running down between her tits.

"Karen would you like to lick it off?" Amy asked.

"I don't think so," Karen replied.

Amy took her hands and smeared the cum all over tits while Karen watched. Once she had her tits all slippery she began playing with her nipples and squeezing them in front of Karen. Jack slipped back down in the hot tub while he watched Amy. Amy finally turned and sat back down next to me then she rubbed the water on her tits to wash off the cum.

"Did you like that honey?" Karen asked Jack.

"It was different."

"Karen, do you still want to be tied up?" Dawn asked.

Karen looked at Dawn and smiled.

"Yes I do."

"Why don't we get out and dry off if you are ready," Dawn said.

"I'm ready," Karen replied with a big smile.

We all got out of the tub and grabbed some towels and dried off, Jack took Karen by the hand.

"Give us a few minutes," he said then led Karen down the hall and into the big bedroom.

"You ready?" Dawn asked me.

"Sure, it sounds like fun. What do you have in mind?"

"Give her a good hard fuck until she comes then I want to watch Jack fuck her," Dawn told me.

"I hope you two are not up to something."

"You just give Karen all she can take," Dawn told me.

"I plan on it."

Dawn reached up and pulled me down and gave me a kiss. A few minutes later we heard the bedroom door open.

"We are ready," Jack said.

The three of us moved down the hall to the bedroom, inside I saw Karen spread eagle on the bed with her hands and feet tied to each corner. Jack had placed a big pillow under her ass.

"Well Karen, are you ready?" I asked.

"Yes."

I walked to the bed and pulled on one of the silk scarves holding her foot, it was tight and secure. Jack had placed the chairs next to the bed, he was sitting next to the bed so he could watch, Amy and Dawn pulled their chairs up to each side by Karen's head.

"What would you like, everybody is watching you?" I asked her.

"Whatever you want."

"Would you like a nice hard fuck Karen?"

"That sounds good."

I reached over and slid my hand up the inside of Karen's leg to her pussy.

"I think I better get you wet first," I told Karen as I ran my fingers over her pussy lips.

I sat on the edge of the bed next to her and began caressing her pussy lips with my fingers while everyone watched. Karen watched me as I played with her pussy, jerking occasionally with anticipation.

"I think I need to work harder to get you nice and wet, don't you think so?"

"Yes," Karen responded as she watched me.

"I think I need to lick and suck your pussy first, don't you Karen?"

"Oh god...yes."

Karen was acting a little nervous as she spoke. I climbed on the bed and got between her tightly secured spread legs and began running my fingers over her pussy lips again.

"Karen, do you want me to eat your pussy and get you all wet?"

"Ye...ye...yes."

"Then you need to ask me."

I looked into Karen's eyes and waited for her reply, I wanted to have some fun with her.

"James would you please eat my pussy," Karen said with some hesitation in her voice.

"You like having your pussy eaten don't you Karen?"

"Yes I do."

"Karen do you like the way I eat your pussy?"

"Yes."

"Who eats your pussy better me or Jack?"

Karen looked at me and smiled.

"I haven't decided yet," Karen responded smiling.

"Very well then, I'll have to see what I can do better," I told her.

I leaned forward and kissed the top of Karen's pussy then spent several minutes just kissing up and down the length of her pussy. Karen shivered a few times while I was kissing her. I took my tongue and begin licking from the bottom to the top of her lips slowly, Karen was moving her hips around as I continued. I lifted my head and looked at Karen.

"Do you like that Karen?"

"Oh yes."

"What would you like me to do now?"

Karen hesitated as she looked at me then said, "Stick your tongue in my pussy please."

I was having fun with Karen, she was getting desperate now but I wanted to make her ask for everything she wanted. I lowered my head and ran my tongue up and down her lips a few times then pushed it deep inside her.

"Oh yes," came from Karen.

I pushed forward harder and placed my mouth over Karen's pussy as I drove my tongue in as deep as I could and probed her pussy, Karen inhaled sharply, she had a nice sweet tasting pussy. I took my time probing Karen's warm insides as she squirmed around, she seemed to really enjoy my tongue inside her. Karen was growing wetter and wetter as I continued; her pussy was dripping after several more minutes. I pulled my tongue out and looked up at Karen and saw she was looking down watching me.

"What would you like next Karen?"

""Oh god James...tongue my clit please!" Karen begged.

I placed my mouth back over Karen's pussy and pushed my tongue in and found her clit.

"Oh god!"

Karen jerked when I began tonguing her clit, she was wet and her clit was swelling. I stabbed at her clit with the tip of my tongue and then began to circle it over and over.

"Ahhh!"

Karen pushed her pussy up into my mouth then I began flicking her clit hard with my tongue. Karen kept trying to push up but she was tied tight and couldn't move much. I turned my head a little and looked at Dawn while I tongued Karen, Dawn looked back and smiled and winked at me. Dawn was enjoying this as much as Karen was.

"h god James!" Karen cried out as I continued tonguing her clit.

Karen was beginning to squirm more in her bonds as I continued, occasionally moaning as I tongued her clit. I decided to go ahead and push her over the edge instead of just getting her wet. Remembering that her pussy lips were very sensitive I took my hands and spread her pussy lips wide apart. I paused to look at her beautiful pink flesh then began licking up and down her exposed flesh.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh my god James!" Karen cried out as she tensed up.

"You like that Karen?" I asked.

"Yes," came out in a whimper as I Iicked.

Karen was really sensitive, each time I ran my tongue up her slit she would tense up and moan. I kept licking her spread pussy lips until Karen was moaning loudly and twisting beneath my tongue.

"Oh god James you are driving me crazy!"

"I don't want to drive you crazy, I want you to come for me Karen," I said as I looked up at her.

I returned to her pussy and began aggressively dragging my tongue up the full length of her exposed flesh and over her clit hard. Karen tried as hard as she could to push her pussy into my mouth each time I touched her clit. Karen was building to an orgasm as I licked her over and over. Suddenly Karen began to thrust her hips up and down rapidly as she began moaning.

"I'm coming!!" Karen screamed out.

As soon as I felt Karen's first muscle contractions I spread the flesh around her clit as far as I could and placed my mouth over her clit and sucked as hard as I could while I tongued her.

"Oh my god, oh my god...shit!!!" Karen screamed as she began to jerk with each contraction of her orgasm.

Karen was jerking and pulling against her restraints as she moaned and groaned.

"Oh shit!!!" Karen screamed again as I sucked harder and tongued her clit.

Karen jerked several more times as she cried out.

"Oh god please stop!!!" Karen screamed.

I stopped sucking and tonguing Karen's clit and licked the inside of her thigh then kissed her pussy softly before I sat up. I looked at Karen and her body was flushed and she was whimpering as her orgasm subsided.

"Oh god!"

"Karen, who is the best at eating your pussy?"

"Oh god, you are!"

I placed my hands on Karen's smooth stomach and she jumped. I slowly rubbed her stomach and thighs as she recovered. Karen caught her breath after a few minutes as I continued to rub her stomach and thighs but she was still breathing hard.

"Karen what do you want know?" I asked.

"I don't know," came out with whimper.

"Karen do you want me to fuck you now?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to fuck you hard and make you come while Jack watches?"

"Yes."

"Ask me to fuck you so Jack can watch."

"Oh god James!"

"Karen you have to ask."

"Please fuck me so Jack can watch."

I looked at Dawn and she was looking at me smiling with approval as I made Karen beg. I got up on my knees and moved up close to Karen's dripping pussy. Jack had spread her legs wide when he tied her up so I pushed in close. I grabbed my hard cock and placed the tip between Karen's pussy lips and moved up and over her clit several times.

"Oh god James!"

I kept rubbing Karen's clit with the tip of cock as she moaned over and over.

"Karen tell me what you want," I teased.

"James fuck me please!"

"Do you want me to stick my big cock in you tight little pussy?"

"Yes," Karen begged.

"Then ask me."

I heard a muffled giggle come from Dawn. I looked at her and she had her hand over her mouth trying not to laugh. Dawn was really enjoying this and I was going to remember it if I ever got her to let me tie her up.

"James stick your big cock in my pussy please!"

Karen was begging now. I moved the head of my cock to Karen's opening and pushed just a little and held it.

"Ahhhh!" Came from Karen.

"Ask me Karen."

"Oh god James please shove you cock in me!!"

I plunged my cock into Karen's slick pussy until I felt the tip meet resistance.

"Ahhhhh!!!" Karen screamed as she tensed up.

"Is that what you want Karen?"

"Oh god yes!!!"

Karen's pussy was tight and I had pushed in hard, she was whimpering as she tried to talk. Her pussy was twitching around my cock.

"Karen it won't go all the way in, what do you want me to do?"

"Oh god...oh god," Karen whimpered

"Karen do you want me to shoved it in all the way?"

"Oh god yes!"

"Karen you have to ask."

"Oh god James, shove your cock all the way in me please!!"

As soon as Karen said please I rammed the last two inches of my cock deep into her pussy.

"Ahhhhhh!!! Oh god!!!" Karen screamed as I pushed hard.

I jammed my cock in harder.

"Ohh!"

"You want me to stop Karen?"

"No!!!"

I leaned into Karen pushing even harder.

"Mmmmmmm!!"

"What do you want Karen?"

"Fuck me!!!"

"Do you want me to fuck you hard?"

"Yes!!!"

"Do you want me to pound your pussy hard Karen?"

"Yes!!!"

"You know what you have to do."

"Oh god James fuck me, pound my pussy hard!!!"

Dawn was giggling behind her hand as Karen screamed and begged for me to fuck her. I pulled my cock almost all the way out and shoved it back all the way. Karen screamed as I stretched her pussy and banged her cervix. I began thrusting all the way in and out of Karen's pussy hard and fast.

"Ahhh!!!" "Ahhh!!" Came from Karen each time I slammed into her.

I grabbed Karen's hips and continued to plunge in and out of her, each time I slammed into her she either moaned or screamed.

"James don't hurt her," Dawn said concerned now.

"Karen, Dawn thinks I am hurting you, am I hurting you Karen?"

"No!!!"

"Karen do you want me to fuck you harder?"

"Yes...fuck me harder James!!!" Karen screamed remembering she had to ask.

I held Karen tight and started thrusting into her as hard and deep and fast as I could. Karen's pussy was hot and tight and the feeling was really turning me on. Karen was thrashing her head from side to side as I continued to pound her over and over. Everyone could hear my balls slapping against Karen.

"Oh...my...god!!!" Karen screamed out between thrust.

I was grunting and groaning myself as I jammed my cock into Karen. I felt Karen's pussy begin to clamp down and get tighter. She was whimpering and moaning loudly as she began to gasp for air.

"Karen don't you pass out on me!" I yelled at her.

"Mmmmmmm!!"

Karen was watching me with her eyes fixed and her mouth hanging open as I shoved her body with each thrust. Her pussy muscles would tighten and then relax for a few seconds and then tighten again, over and over her pussy went through this as I pumped her. After several minutes her pussy muscles clamped down on my cock and she thrust her hips up.

"Ahhhhh, I'm coming!!!"

Karen was overtaken by a huge orgasm as I pushed against her tight pussy. She bucked her hips up and down as hard as she could then pushed them up and held them. Karen screamed and then I felt her squirting out juices onto my cock.

"Oh shit!!!"

Karen jerked several times hard and then collapsed.

"Karen!!"

"Oh god!" She whimpered.

I kept pounding her as she laid there, she hadn't passed out but she was limp.

"Karen stay with me!!" I yelled at her as I kept thrusting.

"Oh god James!"

I felt Karen's pussy began to tighten around my cock again.

"Karen I want you to come again!!"

"Mmmmmmm!!"

Karen turned her head and looked at me, her eyes were glazed over and far away. I felt my muscle tighten as my orgasm built inside me. I kept pumping in and out of Karen as fast as I could. Her pussy tightened around my cock and she shoved her hips up against me as I pushed.

"Come Karen, come!!"

Karen pulled against her restraints and began thrusting her hips up to me as hard as she could.

"Come in me James, fill me up!!"

Karen was jerking over and over and my thrusting was beginning to come in jerks as we both built to an orgasm.

"Oh god James I'm coming again, come in my pussy now, please!!!" Karen screamed at me as she began bucking and thrashing.

"Ahhhhh!!!" I screamed as I jammed my cock deep in Karen and held it.

My hips began to buck and jerk against Karen as I started unloading a huge load of cum inside her. Over and over I thrust into her as each load of cum shot from cock.

"Oh god James!!!"

Karen was pumping her hips up and down fast and hard as she was hit with her second huge orgasm.

"Ahhhhh!!" I screamed again as my cock continued to pulse inside her.

"Ohhh...ohhhh...ohhh...shit!!!" Karen screamed one last time.

I felt Karen go limp and I heard her gasping for air. I couldn't hold myself up any longer and I fell back on the bed.

"Karen you still with us!" Dawn yelled as she leaned forward.

"Mmmmm," came from Karen.

"Karen!" Came from Dawn.

"I'm okay," came softly from Karen between gasp for air.

I looked up and watched as my cum oozed from Karen's swollen pussy. I was exhausted and my cock was wilting. I used all the strength I had left and turned and got up off the bed.

"Jack are you ready?"

Jack had his cock in his hand, he stood and climbed up on the bed. I collapsed into the chair he had been sitting in and watched. Jack moved between Karen's legs and placed his cock against Karen's pussy and pushed it in all the way.

"Ahhhh!! Wait Jack, wait!!"

Jack pushed in hard and held it.

"Ohhh!!" Came from Karen.

Jack began to slowly withdraw his cock and push it back in as he waited for Karen. Karen turned her head and looked at Jack.

"Fuck me honey, fuck me hard!"

Jack sped up and began thrusting in and out of Karen, she began moaning again.

"Fuck me Jack!!" Karen screamed.

Jack began to pound Karen as hard and fast as he could.

"Oh yes Jack, fuck me, fuck me hard!!"

Jack grabbed Karen's hips and began slamming into her over and over. I sat and watched while Jack pounded Karen's pussy as she screamed for him to fuck her harder and harder. I turned to look at Amy and saw that she was fingering her clit rapidly. I looked at Dawn and she was jamming her fingers in and out of her pussy. I watched all this for about 10 minutes before Karen began screaming again.

"Fuck her Jack, fuck her hard!!!" Dawn screamed.

I watched as Dawn began jerking against her fingers as she came hard.

Jack began grunting as he kept thrusting into Karen.

"Oh god Jack I'm coming again!!!"

"Oh god Karen!!" Jack screamed as he began pumping Karen's pussy full of cum.

"Oh yes!!" Karen cried out as she jerked her hips up against Jack.

The two of them thrust and jerked into each other as they each came in one huge orgasm, Jack was jerking against Karen as he pumped her full of cum, Karen was moaning over and over. Jack jerked a few more times and then fell back on the bed. Cum was running out of Karen's pussy.

"Oh god Jack that was great!" Karen cried. "I can't believe this, I can't believe this!"

"Are you okay Karen?" Amy asked as she leaned forward.

"Oh god, I have never been better."

I watched as Amy reached over and placed her hand on Karen's stomach, Karen jumped and looked over at Amy.

"God Karen you sounded like you really enjoyed that," Amy said as she began rubbing Karen's belly softly.

"Oh I did, I'm exhausted now. Jack untie me please."

Jack move slowly and reached to untie Karen's foot.

"Not yet Jack," Dawn said as she reached for Jack's hand.

Jack stopped and looked at Dawn. Dawn released Jack's hand and began sliding her hand slowly up Karen's leg.

"Let's wait a few minutes before we untie her," Dawn said as her hand reached Karen's thigh.

"Okay guys, untie me!" Karen pleaded.

"In a minute Karen," Dawn told her as she moved her hand up with Amy's as they rubbed Karen's stomach softly.

"Dawn please," Karen pleaded.

"Karen have you enjoyed your birthday?" Dawn asked.

"Oh god yes, it has been great."

"Do you want to do it again sometime?"

Karen looked down at Jack as he moved to turn and sit on the end of the bed.

"Yes, if Jack wants to."

"Jack, you want to do this again sometime?"

"Yes if we can."

"I think that can be arranged, you won't have to wait until your next birthday, does that sound good Karen?"

"Oh god yes."

"I'm glad you enjoyed your birthday, we had fun giving you your presents," Dawn told her as she continued to rub Karen's stomach.

"Thank you for dinner and a good time," Karen said nervously.

"You're welcome Karen...but I'm not finished yet," Dawn said as she looked into Karen's eyes.

"Dawn, I can't take anymore."

"You just lay there Karen," Dawn told her.

"Dawn what are you doing?" Karen asked with a crack in her voice.

"Karen, your 30 years old, I think you are ready for more."

"What do you mean?"

"It's time for you to experience something new," Dawn told her.

"Dawn what do you mean?" Karen asked as she tried to move on the bed.

Dawn looked over at Karen and smiled. I watched as Dawn moved her hand up brushed the bottom of Karen's breast. Karen looked at Dawn as she moved her hand up farther and rubbed Karen's breast more.

"Dawn..."

Karen's head turned to look at Amy as she placed her hand over Karen's breast and began squeezing it. Amy took her fingers and pinched Karen's large nipple and twisted it.

"What are you two doing?" Karen begged.

"Karen, I think we are going to do you," Dawn said.

Karen looked back over at Dawn as she began pinching her nipple.

"Dawn please, I don't do this!"

"Karen, you don't have to do anything, just lay there."

"Dawn please!" Karen pleaded.

Dawn stood up and sat on the bed next to Karen then placed her hand back on Karen's breast. While Karen was watching Dawn Amy moved onto the bed on her other side. Jack and I watched as Amy and Dawn caressed and massaged Karen's breasts.

"Jack, why don't you have a seat," I told him.

Jack looked at me then looked back to watch Dawn and Amy. After a minute or two he got up and sat where Dawn had been sitting. Jack kept looking between Dawn and Amy and watching them massage Karen's breasts.

"Dawn please...please stop." Karen begged.

"Karen you said you were doing this for Jack, Jack do you want me to stop?"

Jack looked up at Dawn.

"Jack?" Dawn asked as she looked at him.

"I...I don't want you to stop," came from Jack.

"Jack please!" Karen pleaded.

"Jack would you like to watch me suck on Karen's nipple?" Dawn asked.

Jack looked at Karen as she looked at him.

"Yes, I would."

"Jack!"

Dawn slowly leaned forward and placed her mouth over Karen's nipple and began to suck on it.

"Dawn please!" Karen cried out.

I watched as Amy squeezed Karen's breast and then leaned forward and began licking on her nipple.

"You two stop!"

"Jack, do you want us to stop?" Dawn asked as she looked back up at Jack.

"No...don't stop."

Dawn returned to Karen's nipple, her and Amy continued to suck on Karen's nipples. Karen continued to beg them to stop but when they wouldn't stop Karen just began to moan. My cock was getting hard again watching, I couldn't see Jack but I was sure he was getting hard again also. Karen finally relaxed and stopped twisting once she realized Dawn and Amy were not going to stop.

"What do you think Karen, it's not so bad is it?" Dawn asked as she paused.

"Dawn please," Karen whimpered.

Dawn sat up and took her hands and rubbed Karen's breast then rubbed them up and down her stomach again. Amy continued to suck and lick on Karen's other breast as Dawn explored her body with her hands. Each time Dawn ran her finger tips over Karen's stomach her muscles would twitch. Dawn then ran her fingers up along Karen's ribs and up to her shoulder, I saw Karen shiver.

"Karen you have a beautiful body," Dawn told her.

I watched as Dawn ran her fingers across the top of Karen's chest several times and then up and down her throat. As Karen looked up into Dawn's eyes, Dawn leaned down and began kissing Karen's chest and throat softly, Karen moaned. Dawn raised her head a little then placed the tips of her fingers on Karen's lips.

"Dawn...," Karen let out with a whisper.

Dawn leaned forward and placed her lips over Karen's.

"Mmmm," came from Karen but I didn't see her turn her head away.

Dawn kept kissing Karen's lips until I saw Karen open her mouth and let Dawn slide her tongue in. I heard Dawn moan softly as their two mouths opened and she explored Karen's. I looked at Jack and he was fixated on their lips, I smiled knowing what Jack was experiencing. I watched as Dawn continued to kiss Karen, it appeared that Karen was starting to kiss her back. After several minutes Dawn removed her lips from Karen's slightly and looked into Karen's eyes, Karen looked back up. Dawn gave her a soft kiss and then sat up and looked at Jack.

"You like that Jack?"

Jack slowly looked up at Dawn and shook his head yes.

"Jack, do you like that, she is doing it for you?" Dawn said as she looked at Jack.

"Yes, that was hot."

"Good, I know she wouldn't do it except to turn you on, that is what this has been about hasn't it Jack?"

"Uh...yes...I guess."

Dawn leaned over again and kissed Karen on the lips lightly again and then began kissing down the side of Karen's neck slowly. Once she reached her shoulder she kissed her tenderly and worked her way down to kiss on her nipple again. Her and Amy kissed and sucked on Karen's nipples for another minute then Amy stopped and sat up. Dawn began kissing the underside of Karen's breast and then slowly began kissing her way down toward Karen's stomach. I watched Karen raise her head and watch Dawn as she worked her way down. When Dawn got to her stomach she kissed and softly raked her lips over Karen's smooth stomach. Karen was straining to watch.

"You have such soft skin," Dawn said.

Dawn kissed a little lower as she approached her waist. Jack was watching closely as Dawn worked her way down. Dawn sat up and moved further down the bed and then returned to kissing Karen just above her mons. I heard Karen moan when Dawn stuck her tongue out and licked all the way across her mons. Dawn kissed down to the top of Karen's trimmed patch and then kissed over to the area between her patch and her thigh.

"Dawn, please...," Karen whimpered.

Dawn sat up and looked at Karen as she ran her hand up and down Karen's thigh. She lightly stroked the inside of Karen's thigh and Karen shook with a chill again. I watched closely as Dawn slid her fingers up to where they were just touching her pussy lips.

"Dawn..."

Dawn and Karen were looking into each other's eyes when Dawn slipped a finger inside Karen's cum soaked pussy. Karen gasped.

"Dawn please..."

I watched Dawn's finger disappear deep inside Karen's pussy as she gasped again. Dawn continued to stare into Karen's eyes as she worked her finger around. I was getting really hard wondering if Dawn was going to eat Karen's pussy with Jack's cum in it. Dawn turned to look at Karen's pussy as she withdrew her finger, then she slipped two fingers inside Karen and placed her thumb on Karen's clit and began to rub.

"Oh god Dawn...," Karen let out breathlessly.

Dawn worked her fingers in and out of Karen's pussy and rubbed her clit until Karen relaxed and began to moan. The more Dawn worked on Karen's pussy the louder she moaned. We all watched as Karen began to twist and squirm while Dawn worked her pussy. Soon Karen was breathing hard and moaning like she was building to another orgasm. Dawn pulled her fingers from Karen's pussy and rubbed her cum covered fingers at the edge of Karen's tuft. Karen raised her head to look at Dawn.

"Did you like that Karen?"

"Oh yes."

"Not too bad is it?"

"No."

Dawn turned and stood next to the bed as Karen watched, then she moved to the end of the bed and crawled up on it. She bent forward and began kissing Karen at her knees then worked her way slowly up to Karen's inner thigh. When she was at the top of Karen's thigh she began licking up toward her pussy.

"Oh god Dawn, please don't do that!" Karen pleaded again.

Dawn licked further up until she got to where Karen's thighs were slick with cum. Dawn moaned as she ran her tongue through the cum that had leaked from Karen's pussy. Dawn moaned softly as she licked it up. Dawn ran her tongue right up to Karen's pussy.

"Dawn please!"

Dawn lifted her head and looked at Karen as she strained to look down.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
"Please...," came from Karen.

Dawn lowered her head and kissed the top of Karen's pussy.

"Oh god...," came from Karen as her head fell back.

Dawn slowly kissed up and down Karen's pussy and then stuck her tongue out and began licking up all the cum that had escaped from her pussy, Karen began moaning. I sat up to watch as Dawn finished cleaning all the cum from Karen's pussy then repositioned herself and drove her tongue into Karen.

"Oh god!"

Jack and I watched closely as Dawn licked and sucked on Karen's pussy. Dawn was showing her no mercy as she drove her tongue in and out of her and then drove her tongue into her clit, Karen screamed and thrust her hips up. Dawn placed her mouth over Karen's clit and began to suck.

"Oh my god!!"

Karen bucked her hips up and down madly as she cried out. Dawn reached up and drove several fingers into Karen and she cried out again. Dawn was sucking on Karen's clit and driving her fingers in and out as fast as she could, Karen was bucking and jerking and trying to pull free from her restraints. Jack's gazed was fixed on Dawn as she sucked on Karen's pussy.

I got up and quickly moved around Jack and began untying Karen's hand, Amy saw what I was doing and began untying her other hand. Karen was screaming her familiar 'oh shit' over and over. As soon as Karen's hands were free she sat up as far as she could and placed her hands on the back of Dawn's head and pulled her into her pussy.

"Oh god Dawn I'm coming!!!"

Karen jerked her hips up into Dawn's mouth and then fell back on the bed jerking.

"Oh jeez Dawn suck my clit!!!"

Dawn forced her mouth down hard on Karen and sucked.

"Oh shit!!!"

Karen started pounding on the bed with her hands as she shook and jerked. Karen thrust her hips up against Dawn's mouth one last time and then went limp.

"Dawn stop!" I said. "She passed out again."

Karen was out again, Dawn looked up to check on Karen. I watched as Jack looked at Dawn with all the cum and juices smeared on her face.

"This is fun," Dawn said. "Jack does she ever do this with you?"

"She hasn't in a long time but she gets light headed a lot."

Dawn crawled up the length of Karen's body until she was over her.

"Karen, Karen wake up!" Dawn said.

Dawn took a hand and brushed Karen's hair out of her face.

"Karen!" Dawn repeated. "Okay Karen will do it the hard way."

Dawn moved back some and placed her lips over Karen's nipple and bite down hard.

"Ouch!" Karen mumbled.

Dawn bit her again.

"Ouch!! Okay, okay, I'm awake!" Came from Karen as she opened her eyes and looked up.

Dawn started laughing and then Karen started. The two of them laughed for a minute then stopped and looked into each other eyes. Dawn leaned down and placed her lips over Karen's. I watched as Karen opened her mouth and the two of them exchanged Karen's juices. Karen seemed to be getting into tasting herself and the cum that was in Dawn's mouth. The two of them continued to kiss for several minutes until Dawn pulled away.

"Now aren't you glad you did that just to turn Jack on?"

Karen reached up and pulled Dawn's lips to hers again for minute then released her.

"Dawn I can't believe you did that."

"I hope you enjoyed it, it's my birthday present to you."

"Oh god, I can't believe this, you are crazy!"

"I'm not crazy Karen, I wanted to make love to you."

Karen hesitated before she spoke again.

"Dawn I didn't know."

"Didn't know what?"

Karen paused.

"I didn't know...I didn't know that it was that good."

Karen chose her words carefully when she responded.

"Yes it is Karen, now you know."

"Would you untie me please," Karen asked.

Amy and I untied her feet so she was free, Dawn sat beside her on the bed and Karen sat up.

"Dawn that was incredible."

"Then we are still friends?"

"Oh god yes!" 

Karen leaned over and hugged Dawn tightly for a minute.

"Dawn...I...I don't know if...,"

Dawn placed a finger over Karen's lips before she could finish.

"I had fun Karen, did you have fun?"

"Yes I did."

"Then that is all that matters," Dawn told her.

"Okay," Karen said.

Dawn turned to Jack.

"Jack did you enjoy watching?" Dawn asked as she looked at his rock hard erection.

"Oh god yes!"

"Would you like to watch again sometime?"

"Oh yes!"

"I bet you enjoyed it Jack!" Karen said to him with a laugh.

Jack looked at Karen and smiled.

"Karen, Jack has an awfully hard cock from watching, can we watch you suck it?" Dawn asked.

"That sounds like a good idea," Karen responded. "Jack you want me to suck your cock?"

"Oh god please!"

Karen laughed and got up off the bed and walked around to Jack. Karen reached for his hand and pulled him to stand up then got down on her knees. Karen grabbed his cock and then wrapped her lips around the end and began sucking. Jack was in heaven as Karen bobbed up and down vigorously on his hard-on. After a minute she pulled his cock from her mouth and looked at Dawn lying on the bed watching her.

"Is this what you want to see Dawn?"

"Yes it is."

Karen returned her mouth to his cock and began sucking harder and harder. After a few minutes I got the answer to the question I had the night before, Karen grab Jack's ass and pulled him forward and took all his cock into her mouth. Jack grabbed the back of Karen's head and began to thrust into her mouth, Karen gagged a little but let Jack fuck her mouth.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm" came from Karen.

Jack was really turned on and wasn't going to last long. He began to groan after a few more minutes and then groaned loud and began pumping cum into Karen's mouth.

"Mmmm!" Came from Karen as she sucked all of the cum out of Jack's cock. 

Karen moved her mouth to the end of Jack's cock and sucked, Jack grabbed her head and pulled her off.

"No more Karen!"

Jack set down hard in the chair then Karen looked at Dawn as she looked on.

"Did you like watching Dawn?" Karen asked.

"Yes I did."

"Dawn?"

"Yes?"

"Can I watch you suck James cock?"

"I have a better idea, let's watch Amy suck his cock and I can watch and get off."

This sounded like a good idea to me. I moved around to where Amy was, Amy looked up at me and smiled. Amy reached out and grabbed my cock and then got down on the floor in front of me.

"Come here James," Amy said as she pulled me to her.

I looked over at Karen and she had stood and was moving to sit in Jack's lap. Dawn had rolled on her back in the middle of the bed and turned her head to watch Amy. I looked down at Amy when she kissed the end of my cock. She looked up at me and winked then slid her mouth over the end of my cock. I knew Amy was hot and horny from watching all day but she slid her mouth up and down while she pumped my cock. I was pretty horny myself from watching Dawn eat Jack's cum out of Karen.

"Dawn, do you get turned on watching her suck his cock?"

"Oh god yes! I think you and Jack will get turned on also."

I looked down and watched Amy as she worked up and down on my cock. Amy was moaning over and over as she sucked, she knew I loved the feeling of her moaning on my cock. She began bobbing up and down real fast while she stroked my cock. We all watched while Amy sucked my cock for about 10 minutes.

"Dawn does James always take that long to come?" Karen asked.

"It depends Karen."

I looked over at Dawn and she had her legs spread and was rubbing her clit as she watched Amy. I looked over at Karen and she kept looking from Dawn's pussy to Amy. I reached down and placed my hand gently on the back of Amy's head as she sucked, Amy took her hand off my cock and pulled her mouth to the tip of my cock and then slowly lowered her mouth all the way down letting my cock slide down her throat as everyone watch.

"Oh my god!" Karen exclaimed.

I looked over at Karen and saw her watching Amy as she held all of my cock down her throat, Dawn was fingering her clit faster as she watched Amy. I knew Dawn would be hot and horny as well and wanting to get off. Amy came back up and then began jamming my cock down her throat over and over as they watched. Amy was lost in sucking my cock now as I ran my fingers through her hair. I was holding back pretty well as Amy worked harder and harder.

"Karen!" I said.

"What?" Came from her as she was shocked out of her stare.

"The next time I want you to do this!"

Karen looked at me a few seconds then smiled then turned to look at Jack, he looked up at her and kissed her.

"Mmmmmm!" Came from Dawn.

We all looked at Dawn as she rubbed her clit rapidly with her fingers, Dawn was hot and was getting herself off. I looked back at Karen and her and Jack were watching Dawn as she fingered herself. Dawn was staring at Amy. Jack became more interested in watching Dawn than watching Amy, Karen kept looking between Dawn and Amy.

I felt my cock slide down Amy's throat and looked down at her, she was looking up at me with her emerald green eyes, I turned my attention to Amy as she pleased me. She kept looking up at me and then slid my cock in and out of her mouth over and over. I held on while Amy deep throated me for a few more minutes, I could hear Dawn panting and moaning as she worked her pussy.

"Oh god!!" Came from Dawn.

I looked over at Dawn about the time she began squirting between her fingers.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!!! Dawn screamed.

Jack and Karen were watching Dawn squirt all over the bed, Dawn cried out again and then fell into the pillows. Looking at Dawn laying back with her legs spread while she softly rubbed her pussy was as much as I could take. I pushed my hips forward into Amy's mouth and she began sucking me harder. She knew from my gentle thrusting I was about to come. Amy reached up and grabbed my balls and began rubbing them while she sucked.

"Mmmmmmm!!" Came from Amy.

I couldn't take anymore.

"Amy I'm coming!"

Amy grabbed my cock and pulled her mouth off and held her mouth open until I shot my first load into her mouth then she forced her mouth all the way down on my cock and I shot the rest down her throat.

"Oh god Amy!!" I let out.

I thrust into Amy's mouth until she sucked my cock dry, my legs were about to give out so I moved quickly to the chair Amy had been sitting in and sat down. I was breathing hard when Amy sat down in my lap.

Dawn turned her head to look at Karen.

"Did you like that Karen, Jack?"

"I did," Karen said. "What about you Jack?"

"Amy you are incredible," Jack said.

"Jack, can Karen suck James cock the next time?" Amy asked.

"That is up to Karen," Jack said.

"Karen, you want to suck James' big cock like I did?" Amy questioned Karen.

"I don't know if I could suck it like you did but maybe I will try next time." Karen said with a big smile.

"This has been a fun day," Dawn said.

"Are we finished?" Amy asked sharply.

"Amy, was there something else?" Dawn asked.

"I have been watching all of you fuck all morning and I haven't gotten anything!"

"What do you want?" Dawn asked.

"Anything!"

"Come here Amy, I'll take care of you," Dawn said as she slid down in bed.

Amy quickly got up and moved to the bed and straddled Dawn's shoulders. Dawn placed her hands on Amy's ass and pulled her head up and began licking Amy's pussy, Amy was getting what she wanted and Dawn was letting Jack watch.

"Oh god yes!" Amy cried out as she moved forward and lowered her pussy down on Dawn's mouth.

Amy kept moaning as Dawn ate her pussy. We all watched while Dawn sucked on Amy, Jack was watching very close. Amy was hot and she began grinding her pussy into Dawn's mouth as she moaned. I looked over at Karen and she had begun massaging her breast as she watched then I noticed Jack had his hand between her legs and was fingering her clit. The longer Dawn sucked on Amy's pussy the more Karen rubbed and squeezed her nipple.

"Oh god I'm coming!!' Amy screamed several minutes later.

Amy jerked her pussy against Dawn's mouth several times and then let out another moan. Amy rose up on her knees and removed her pussy from Dawn's mouth for a minute then lowered it back down. Amy must really be horny if she was going to let Dawn keep going.

"Oh god Dawn, again please!"

I heard Dawn moaning as she went back to work on Amy's pussy. I saw Karen move while I watched Amy and looked over at her. Karen had stood up and was moving to the edge of the bed to sit. Jack looked up at her when she sat next to Dawn. Jack and I watched as Karen placed her hand on Dawn's leg and slid it up toward her pussy. Gently Karen took her fingers and ran them along Dawn's wet pussy lips, we heard Dawn moan.

Dawn spread her legs wide apart, I was wondering if she knew who was touching her. Karen gently stroked Dawn's pussy over and over before she took her finger and wiggled it inside Dawn.

"Mmmmmm!!" Came from Dawn as Karen pushed her finger in.

Karen was watching her finger closely as it slipped in and out of Dawn, it wasn't long before she slipped another finger inside Dawn. Karen seemed to know what she needed to do as she began working Dawn's G-spot with her long slender fingers. Dawn moaned deeply into Amy's pussy as Amy rocked slowly back and forth. Jack and I watched as Karen began working her fingers in and out of Dawn quickly. Dawn was moaning and Amy was moaning as Karen kept it up, Karen was watching her fingers slide in and out of Dawn as she kept going.

Dawn began thrusting her hips up as Karen drove her fingers in and out. I could tell Dawn was getting off on this, she knew it was Karen. Dawn pulled her legs up and placed her feet on the bed and lifted her ass off the bed as Karen rubbed her G-spot. I looked and Dawn had a death grip on Amy's ass as she moaned deep into her pussy. Dawn thrust her hips up hard several times then held them as I heard her screaming into Amy's pussy, then she squirted again onto Karen's hand as she came again. A few more jerks and Dawn's ass fell back to the bed.

"Oh god!!" Amy screamed again as she jerked.

Amy thrust her pussy against Dawn's mouth as she let out a few more screams, she was having a huge orgasm. Karen stood up and walked to the end of the bed and crawled up between Dawn's legs. Jack turned to watch his wife as she moved closer and closer to Dawn. Karen placed her hands on Dawn's legs and spread them apart and wasted no time placing her mouth on Dawn's pussy. We heard Dawn scream in Amy's pussy again.

Amy sat up quickly when she heard Dawn scream. She quickly looked behind her to see Karen sucking on Dawn's pussy.

"Way to go Karen!" Amy said.

Amy looked down at Dawn as she gasped for air.

"Oh yes Karen!!" Dawn screamed.

I looked at Karen and watched as she took her hands and spread Dawn's pussy lips and began tonguing her clit.

"Ahhhh!! Oh yes, yes, yes!!" Dawn screamed.

Karen lowered herself down to the bed and placed her mouth over Dawn's clit.

"Oh my god!! Amy let me up!!"

Amy looked at me and smiled with a wicked smile then lowered her ass down on top of Dawn, pinning her to the bed.

"Amy please!!!"

"No!" Amy said to Dawn.

"Please Amy let me up, she is driving me crazy!!!"

"No!"

"Oh god!!!" Dawn screamed as she began bucking her hips again.

Karen wrapped her arms around Dawn's legs and held on.

"Oh god Karen I'm coming!!!"

Dawn was thrashing her head around and bucking her hips as best she could.

"Amy I can't breathe!!!"

"Yes you can!"

"Oh god Karen!!!"

Dawn clamped Karen's head between her legs but Karen pried her legs apart and kept working on her pussy, it appeared Karen wanted payback and Amy was going to help her get it.

"Oh god Amy please let me up!!!"

"No!"

"Ahhhh, Karen please stop!!!"

"James, has Dawn ever passed out while having sex?" Amy asked.

"She has almost passed out a few times," I answered.

"Hmmmm," came from Amy.

"Oh god please, no!!!"

I got up and leaned over and whispered in Karen's ear.

"Mmmmmm," came from Karen.

I watched closely as Karen took her hand and moved it between Dawn's leg and slipped two fingers into Dawn's pussy.

"No Karen, no!!!"

Dawn was gasping for air now but Amy was not restricting her breathing. Karen slipped her fingers in and out while she tongued Dawn's clit.

"Oh my god, oh my god!!!" Dawn screamed.

I reached over and pulled Dawn's leg back to the side and watched as Karen pulled her fingers from Dawn's pussy and placed them against her asshole and pushed. Karen jammed two fingers into Dawn's ass aided by all the juices running from her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhh!!!"

Karen began working her fingers quickly in and out of Dawn's ass.

"Oh...oh...oh..."

Dawn was humping her hips up and down again as Karen jammed her fingers in and out of her ass while she sucked on her clit. Dawn was breathing very hard as Karen tortured her.

"James...help...please...." Dawn gasped out. "I'm...so...hot..."

"Amy get up!!" I shouted.

Amy sat up quickly after she heard me.

"James...," Dawn trailed off then went limp.

"Damn, I didn't think she would, off Amy!"

Amy moved quickly off the bed and ended up in Jack's lap.

"Karen she's finished!"

Karen set up quickly between Dawn's legs as I moved to the bed. Dawn's eyes were closed and she was out cold.

"Amy, we'll pay for this!" I said.

"Is she okay?" Amy asked.

"Yes, she just hyperventilated."

"Oh god I'm sorry!" Karen let out.

"She's okay Karen, I guess you two are even."

We waited as Dawn's breathing slowed down to a normal rate. Sweat was pouring off Dawn as she laid there.

"Amy would you go get her a glass of cold water," I asked.

Amy hopped up from Jack's lap and ran out the door, a minute later she returned with the cold water.

"Karen do you want to wake her up?" I asked.

"How?"

"Well, she bit your nipple, I guess you can return the favor."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

Karen crawled up and over Dawn's torso and lowered her lips to Dawn's nipple and bit down.

"Ouch!" Came from Dawn.

Dawn's eyes shot open and she was face to face with Karen. Karen leaned forward and placed her lips over Dawn's and kissed her. Dawn moaned and opened her mouth to Karen's tongue. Karen finally removed her lips from Dawn's.

"Are you okay?" Karen asked.

"Yes...but I know someone that is not."

Karen slowly rolled toward me and off Dawn, Dawn looked around at everyone looking at her then sat up.

"Here Dawn."

Amy handed her the glass of cold water, Dawn took it and took several sips.

"What happened?" Dawn asked.

"You hyperventilated," I told her.

"Why?"

"You got to excited and hot."

"Dawn?" Karen asked.

"Yes."

"Are you mad at me?"

"Oh god no Karen, that was great, did you like it?"

Karen looked over at Jack.

"Yes I did."

"Then today was a success."

"Dawn, thank you," Karen replied.

"You are welcome."

Karen leaned over and hugged Dawn again and then they kissed each other.

"Jack did you enjoy it, was it what you thought it would be?" Dawn asked as she took another sip from the water.

"Oh god yes."

"I hope you appreciate what Karen did for you."

Jack looked over at Karen.

"I didn't do it just for Jack," Karen whispered.

"Karen you told me you were doing this just for Jack," Dawn said.

"I wanted James to fuck me, I have been thinking about it since the bar-b-cue."

"Really Karen?"

"Yes, sorry Jack."

"It's okay Karen, this has turned out great!"

"You're not mad?"

"No Karen, I hope you enjoyed it too!"

"This was the best birthday I have ever had!"

"Now that is out of the way!" Dawn said and everyone laughed.

"What's next?" Karen asked.

"What else do you want?!" Dawn replied.

We all started laughing again.

"I'm hungry," Karen replied.

"Me too," Dawn added.

"Why don't we get showered and then fix some lunch," I said.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 10|
--------------------------------------------
"Sounds like a good idea," Karen replied

"Jack, Karen, would you like to join us in the big shower upstairs?"

"We can shower down here if that is okay," Karen answered.

"Okay, come with me girls," I said as I took Dawn and Amy by the hand and led them out of the bedroom.

We walked slowly up the stairs and to the master bath and the three of us showered quietly together. When we returned downstairs Jack and Karen were sitting on the sofa naked holding each other. It was well into the afternoon, Amy and Dawn went to the kitchen and fixed lunch while I went to the computer room to put the last 3 hours on DVD's for Karen and Jack. I took me about 20 minutes to divide up the recording and start it recording to DVD's. I went back to the kitchen while they copied, Jack and Karen were sitting at the bar talking to Amy and Dawn.

"Your DVD's will be ready before you leave," I told them.

"Oh wow, thanks James," Jack replied.

"I hope you two enjoy them, I know we will."

"We will!" Karen said.

Dawn and Amy served lunch and we all ate and talked for about an hour before Jack and Karen went to get dressed.

"Dawn do you think Karen is happy?' I asked.

"Yes, she is very happy."

"Good, this was a fun weekend."

Several minutes later Jack and Karen came out of the bedroom.

"Let me go get your DVD's."

I went back and took the DVD's out of the computer and put the labels on them I had printed and took them out to Karen.

"Happy Birthday," I told Karen as I handed her the DVD's and bent over and kissed her,

"Thanks James."

"We better get going," Jack said.

We walked Jack and Karen outside to their car, the day was cool and Dawn and Amy wrapped their arms around their breasts. Once Jack and Karen had left we went back inside.

"This was fun," Amy said.

"Amy!" Came from Dawn.

"Yes," Amy replied softly.

"You're a dead woman!!"

Dawn started after Amy, they ran through the den with Amy screaming and then ran up the stairs.

"Amy!!!" Dawn screamed.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 10|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-10|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>I intended to submit this at Thanksgiving but...(hey, we are trying to get caught up.)

Since it is (was) near Thanksgiving we thought we would tell you about the first Thanksgiving with our families after we built the house. This story may not be hot and steamy enough for everyone but enjoy it; it leads to many things that will happen later you will need to know about.</I>

Life after the Lottery, Ch. 10

Thanksgiving with the family

It was the Monday before Thanksgiving; Dawn had called our families before Halloween to invite them to the house. Dawn's parents were flying in; my family all lived within driving distance but far enough away that they didn't show up unannounced. My parents were coming, my younger brother and his wife, and my older sister and her husband. They were all due to arrive on Wednesday, none of them had been to the house since we finished it.

Dawn's parents were in their late fifties and so were mine. My sister was just a little over a year older than me, my little brother Brian and his wife were 27, he was a little over a year out of law school. He and his wife had waited until he graduated law school to get married and they were now living in our previous house. We had given the house to them so they wouldn't have so much of a strain as he got started in his legal career, he had been lucky and found a position with a good law firm in town.

Dawn and I had discussed what to tell everyone about Amy. We decided to tell them she was living with us while she got back on her feet- which she was. Dawn and I had spent the week 'sanitizing' the house, locking away everything that didn't need to be out. I had asked Dawn how she was going to explain the tantra chairs all over the house, she decided on telling everyone they were European massage chairs and leave it at that.

Tuesday came and Dawn and Amy were busy cooking and fussing around the house. I had been working with the movie mix some while I had the time. The weather was warmer than usual so Dawn had told everyone to bring their swim suits if they wanted so we had the pool heater on.

We all got up early Wednesday morning, Dawn was leaving to go pick up her parents at the airport about 10:00. Amy was off for the week so we had all worked on cleaning the house and preparing food. Dawn had made the sleeping room assignments. 

Dawn left a little before 10:00 to go pick her parents up. After she left, Amy and I sat down to rest and talk. She was dressed very conservatively in a long sleeved button up silk blouse and long pants.

"Tell me about everyone," Amy asked.

I told her that everyone had been real cool after we won all the money. My parents were pretty cool and so was my sister. I told her about my little brother and his wife and that we had given them our previous house. We were talking about everyone's personalities when I heard a car drive up. I had locked the gate open so I wouldn't have to keep letting everyone in. I went to the door, it was my sister Debbie and her husband Peter, I went out to meet them.

Debbie got out of the car and said, "Did you finally finish the castle?!"

"Yes, it's finished," I said as I walked up and hugged her.

I had always been close to Debbie growing up. Peter came around the car and shook my hand.

"Hi James!" Peter said.

"Come on in the house," I said as I led them in.

When we got inside the house Amy was standing and said, "Hi."

"Debbie and Peter, this is Amy. She is a friend of Dawn's and is living with us while she gets back on her feet," I said testing the waters with the story.

"Hi Amy," Debbie said.

Peter was staring when Debbie elbowed him.

"Oh...hi," he said.

"Have a seat, Dawn is gone to the airport to pick up her parents," I said as I closed the door.

Debbie and Peter walked over and sat on the sofa, I sat in the love seat at one end and Amy sat in the other.

"So Amy, how long have you been staying with Dawn and James?" Debbie asked.

"A few months," Amy replied. "Dawn and I are friends from work."

Debbie left it at that and asked if there was anything she could do, I told her Dawn and Amy had everything under control.

"So Pete how was the drive down?" I asked.

"The traffic is starting to get a little heavy in the city, but not too bad."

"Can we see what you two have built?" Debbie asked.

"Sure." 

I led Debbie and Pete around the house and let them see everything. When we got upstairs I took them down to the end of the hall and showed them their room.

"What are the weird pieces of furniture everywhere?" Pete asked.

"Oh, it's some kind of European thing Dawn likes."

"Cool," Debbie said as she looked at it.

We went back downstairs; Amy was still sitting on the loveseat. We walked through the big room and headed outside to the patio. 

"You two seemed to have thought of everything when you built this place," Debbie said.

"Well we built it as an investment for now," I said.

"Pretty nice place," Pete said as we went outside.

"Oh that hot tub looks inviting, I am stiff from the drive," Debbie said.

"Did you bring your suits?" 

"They're in the car. Pete go get the bags, I want to get in the hot tub!"

"Okay," Pete said. "But I'll pass on the hot tub."

"Oh come on!" Debbie said.

"Maybe later," Pete said. "I'll go get the bags."

We went back inside and Pete and I headed to the car. Debbie was walking toward Amy as we went out the door. We retrieved the bags from the car and headed back inside, Debbie was standing alone waiting for us.

"Where did Amy go?" I asked.

"She went upstairs to change, she is going to join me in the hot tub."

'Oh shit!' was all I could think. I was imagining Amy coming down the stairs in one of her skimpy thong bikinis. 

"Here, I'll take your bags up," I said hoping to catch Amy before she came out of her room.

"Thanks," Debbie replied as she followed me up the stairs.

We left Pete downstairs as I quickly carried the bags to their room. I dropped the bags on the bed as Debbie followed me in. I left the bedroom and pulled the door closed behind me.

"Amy," I whispered as I open her bedroom door.

"James?" Amy said as she finished pulling her suit up over her tits. "What is it?"

I was surprised, she was wearing a very modest one piece dark blue suit. Even with the modest suit she still looked hot with her long red hair cascading over her shoulders and down her back.

"Nothing."

"Did you just want a quick peek, or did you think I was going to be wearing one of my bikinis?"

"You look great."

"Come here a second," Amy said as she adjusted her suit.

I walked over to Amy and she reached up and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down to give me a deep kiss.

"What's that for?"

"Just in case I don't get another chance this weekend."

"You are wonderful." 

"I know."

I walked back out and pulled the door closed and went down the hall. 

I reached the bottom of the stairs and was walking across the room when Pete said, "Amy's pretty hot James."

"She is pretty cute."

I couldn't wait until Pete saw her, even in the modest suit she was very hot. I walked over to the sofa and sat down with Pete.

"Let's see what we can find on TV," I said as I picked up the remote.

"That is a pretty fancy looking remote."

"It runs the lights and the TV."

I heard Debbie and Amy talking as they came down the stairs behind me.

Pete turned to look and I heard him say 'damn' under his breath. I turned to look, Amy did look really hot. Her huge breasts were straining at the dark blue suit. I looked at Debbie, she looked hot too. She was tall, but not like me. She had a nice body and it appeared she was still keeping in shape. Her long legs were topped by a nice ass and then a nice set of tits, tight stomach and shoulder length brown hair. I was surprised to see that she had a two piece on. Pete was staring at Amy as she came across the floor.

"You sure you won't join us?" Debbie asked Pete with a smile on her face.

"Later," Pete managed to mumble.

"You had your chance," Debbie replied.

Debbie was being a tease, she knew Pete was looking at Amy.

"Let's go Amy." 

As they walked toward the patio doors Amy stopped and opened the closet and pulled out two robes and two towels, she handed one to Debbie and they went outside. Pete continued to watch as they stepped down into the hot tub.

"A little cute huh," Pete said as he turned toward me.

"A little," I said as I turned back to the TV.

"James, have you ever seen her..."

"Don't ask Pete," I said, knowing what he was going to ask.

"Just curious," Pete said as he turned back to the TV.

"I know you are."

I wondered what Debbie and Pete would think if they knew what was going. We couldn't find anything on TV so we went to the kitchen for a bite. I found a platter of sandwiches that Dawn had made for snacking on. We grabbed a sandwich and a beer and sat down at the bar. 

I heard a car pull up, I looked at the time and figured it should be Dawn and her parents. I went out to meet them. When I got the door open Dawn was sliding out of the car. Charlie was climbing out of the back and Ann was getting out of the front seat. 

"Hi Ann, hi Charlie!" I said as I approached the car.

"Hi James!" Charlie replied..

"Hi James," Ann said as she hugged me tight.

Charlie walked up to me and shook my hand, Ann was waiting on Dawn. As we were standing outside Brian and Angie came down the drive. We waited while they pulled up and got out of the car. Angie came up and hugged me and said hi to everyone. Brian was getting their bags out of the trunk. 

"Hey big brother!" He said as he carried the bags toward us.

"Hey Brian!"

Dawn walked over and hugged Angie and Brian.

"Let's go inside," I said as I grabbed one of Brian's bags.

Dawn led the way into the house as we all followed. Everyone said hi to Pete as he walked over to greet everyone. 

"Come with me Brian," I said.

As we walked through the downstairs I told Brian I was putting him and Angie in the pool house since they were still newlyweds. I told him we didn't want to listen to all the noise just to tease him.

"How are things going," Brian asked as we reached the patio doors.

"Good, I hope," I said as I went through the doors.

"Hi Brian," Deb said as we walked by.

"Hi Deb," I heard Brian say as I continued on.

Brian followed as I went around the pool and entered the pool house.

"Who is the hot red head?" Brian asked.

I didn't want to go through that explanation again right now.

"She is living with us for a while," I said cutting Brian off.

"Cool."

As we came back and passed the hot tub I stopped and introduced Amy to Brian. Dawn was coming outside with everyone else. She introduced Amy to everyone as she went through the story.

"Hi Amy," Angie said.

"Hi Angie, hi everyone," Amy replied.

"Can I join you two?" Angie asked.

"Sure," Deb said.

"The bags are in the pool house," Brian told Angie.

Angie quickly scampered off toward the pool house. We all stood around and talked awhile as everyone looked around at the pool and landscaping.

"Hell of a pool you guys," Charlie said as he looked over the pool.

"It's heated if you want to go for a swim later," I said. 

"Anyone want to grab something to eat," Dawn said as she opened the door for everyone to return inside.

As Dawn's parents and Brian went inside Deb asked, "Is everything alright James?"

"Just hoping everyone gets along and has a good time, that's all."

"Chill James," I heard Deb say from behind me. "Come over here and talk."

I closed the door and walked over to the hot tub. 

"Everything will be good," Deb said.

"I just hope everyone has a good time."

Amy reached up and grabbed my hand and said, "Everything we be fine."

"I hope so," I said as I patted the back of her hand.

As I looked up I saw that Deb was looking at Amy's hand, I quickly pulled my hands away, but it was too late.

Angie came back out in her bathing suit, walked up to the hot tub and stepped in and sat down.

"Oh this feels good."

I looked at Angie as she slid into the tub. She was wearing a rather skimpy two piece showing off her small frame. She was only about 5'5", but had a slim build. She had a nice little body, nice perky B tits that filled her top well and a tight little ass. Brian had done well, he and Angie had been real appreciative of the help we were giving them. I turned and headed in to the house.

"Don't turn into prunes," I said as I walked off.

I walked over to the kitchen and got another beer, Pete was doing the same thing.

"Pete, why don't you take some sandwiches out to the girls?"

"Sure," Pete said eagerly looking for any reasons to go outside and check out Amy.

Charlie walked over and asked for a beer.

"Where are your parents James?"

"They should be here soon."

"We haven't seen them in awhile, it will be good to see them again."

"They will be glad to see you too."

My parents arrived about 4:00. We went through all the introductions again. 

The girls had gotten out of the hot tub earlier and were sitting on the sofa in their robes talking. Brian and I were sitting with my dad Larry shooting the breeze. My mom was sitting with Dawn and Ann. Dawn got up and walked over to Amy, Deb and Angie and said something to them. They nodded their heads and got up. Amy and Deb headed upstairs and Angie headed out toward the pool house. I assumed they were going to change clothes, it was about time for dinner.

When we all sat down to dinner everyone seemed to be having a good time. We all talked as we ate, I was glad to see everyone being civil, Deb and Brian could get into it sometimes. After dinner everyone helped clear the table and cleanup. We had gotten all of the luggage out of the cars and shown everyone their rooms earlier. 

All of the men had planted themselves in front of the big TV and were searching for a football game to watch. Dawn and all the other women were sitting around the bar talking and laughing. That was how the evening went until everyone decided to go to bed around 11:00, everyone was tired from the traveling.

Dawn and I had climbed naked into bed and were cuddling when we heard the door open. Amy snuck in door wearing a long robe. Once she was inside and the door closed she dropped the robe to the floor. Amy walked to the bed naked and picked up the sheet and crawled in next to me.

"Amy, what are you doing?" I asked her as she snuggled up behind me.

"Just having some fun."

"Did anyone see you come in here?" Dawn asked.

"Of course not. Can I sleep with you guys tonight?"

"That might not be a good idea," I told her.

"Come on, the sneaking around makes it sexy and fun," Amy said as she pulled me tighter.

"Amy you are crazy," Dawn said.

"Can I stay?"

"Sure," Dawn told her.

Being sandwiched between my two beautiful ladies was making me horny and they knew it. Dawn slipped her hand down and began playing with my growing cock.

"Dawn what are you doing?"

"Having some fun."

Before we all went to sleep an hour later Dawn and Amy had taken turns teasing me and sucking my cock. I ended up coming deep in Amy's throat. The two of them giggled and teased me until I finally got them to stop. 

I felt Dawn moving around early as she reached across me and woke Amy up.

"Amy, you need to go back to your room," Dawn said as she shook Amy.

"Okay..."

Amy leaned over and kissed me then rolled out of bed, she walked to the bedroom door and opened it and then turned back to look at us.

"See you two later."

"Amy, put on your robe," Dawn told her.

Amy looked at Dawn and smiled and walked out the door and across the hall to her room.

"God she is such a tease, I hope no one saw her," Dawn said.

"I don't think anyone else is up," I told Dawn and turned to go back to sleep.

It wasn't long before everyone was up early, the women were all helping Dawn get the food finished up and ready. All of the guys were sitting around shooting the breeze waiting for the Thanksgiving Day football games to start. I had gone to the kitchen several times to ask if they needed any help only to be run off.

There were a few additional inquiries about Amy during the conversation with the guys. We talked about how things had been going, the house and other things. About noon the ladies began to start setting the table and putting the food out. Dawn announced to everyone to grab their plate and come get what they wanted. All the food Dawn and Amy had been working on looked great. We all lined up in the kitchen and loaded our plates up and went to sit down and eat at the big table in the dining room.

There was more small talk during lunch, everyone started finishing up around 1:30. The guys wanted to get to the football games and headed back to the sofas to watch TV, Dawn suggested we go downstairs to the game room to watch so we headed downstairs. As the games came on all the guys settled in and we started in on the beer I had in the bar downstairs. As the afternoon wore we had begun shooting pool while we watched. Brian had ended up playing the electronic games, he never was much into football. 

We all had had a few beers so the atmosphere had lighten. Pete had probably had an extra beer or two and he had made a few comments about Amy. I had to pull him aside and tell him to drop it. Charlie and Larry had been messing with Brian asking him how married life was treating him. My family had all grown up in a pretty open environment, my brother and I had always talked about our sexual encounters before we all got married, my mom and dad were even pretty cool about it. Eventually the talk turned lightly to sex. Pete and Brian wanted to know if Dawn and I went skinny dipping in the pool since there was no one around. I told him that we did quite often to Charlie's surprise.

"Anyone that wants to go skinny dipping while you are here can, you are more than welcome," I said which I probably shouldn't have.

Pete had to ask if we went skinny dipping with Amy. I decided to just not answer him.

"How long is Amy going to stay here?" Brian asked.

"Awhile, she just got out of bad relationship and doesn't have the money to get another apartment in town until she can find a roommate."

"That's nice of you all," Larry said.

I steered the conversation away from that subject as fast as I could.

"I wonder what the girls are doing upstairs?" I said.

"Girl stuff I imagine," Charlie said.

"I'm sure. Glad we can get away from them down here," Pete added.

"The late football game is coming on, anyone want anything before it starts?" I asked.

Everyone grabbed another beer and some sandwiches that Dawn had made and put in the fridge in the bar. She had stocked plenty of food downstairs so we just made an evening meal out of what was there. Dawn had come down once to see if anyone wanted any of the food from upstairs before she put it up, we told her we were good. The game ended around 9:00, we all got up and made a trip to the bar.

"What the hell is this weird ass thing for," Larry asked as he stopped to look at the tantra chair.

I had to take a long pause before I said anything else.

"Well, do you all really want to know?" I asked taking a chance.

"Dawn said it was some kind of massage chair but you have them all over the house," Charlie said.

"It has a purpose."

"For what, massages?" Charlie asked.

I thought 'what the hell' and decide to tell them.

"If you really want to see what it is for, come with me."

I headed down the hall toward the theater, everyone followed. When we reached the theater I told everyone to have a seat.

"Okay guys, we are not a bunch of prudes so I am going to show you something. If you like what you see you can follow-up on it later if you want."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"What is it?" Pete asked.

"Just a minute and I will show what the chair is for."

I sat down and grabbed the remote and found the demonstration video for the chair and started it. When it first started Pete said 'great a porn movie', but then he began to realize what he was watching. The room remained quiet for the next 30 minutes.

Once the video ended Pete said, "Wow!"

"Does everyone understand now?" I asked as I turned to look at them.

"I like it," Brian said.

"Is that what you and Dawn do on it?" Charlie asked.

"Yes," I said boldly. "Now you guys can do what you want, I just thought you might be interested. Ready to go back upstairs?"

"In a minute," Brian said.

"Yeah," came from my dad.

I looked at them and snickered, realizing they probably had an erection from the video.

"When you are ready," I said with a smile.

I really wasn't worried about what they thought about the chairs now, I knew everyone was pretty cool and open, I just wondered what they were going to do tonight. 

"What have you all been doing?" Dawn asked when we got upstairs.

"Watching football," I said.

I noticed that it appeared that the girls had been into the beer and cocktails also. It was about 10:00 when we all sat down together. The guys didn't appear to be much into the small talk. The women finally ran out of things to talk about around 10:30.

"I'm sleepy from all the turkey," Pete said.

"Me too," Brian added.

"You about ready to hit the sack," Larry said to Sue.

"Sure if you are that tired," she responded.

"I'm ready for bed too," Charlie added.

"Okay then, you know where everything is if you need it," Dawn told everyone.

The gathering began to break up, Brian and Angie headed out to the pool house and everyone headed to their rooms. I pulled Amy aside before she headed up the stairs and told her she might want to check out the cameras tonight. Dawn and I were the last to head upstairs.

When we got to our bedroom Dawn asked, "Why were all the guys so tired, what did you all do downstairs?"

"I don't think it was a matter of what we did downstairs as what they saw." 

"What did they see?" Dawn asked sharply.

"Well, they kept asking about the chair, so I showed them the video."

"You didn't!!"

"Sure did."

"My dad doesn't watch stuff like that!"

"Well, he seemed pretty interested in it."

"James you shouldn't have, what will they think of us now?"

"I think they will think we are a pretty normal couple with a hot sex life."

"Oh god," Dawn said. "I will be so embarrassed now." 

"We'll see."

"You don't think...is that why they all wanted to go to bed?" Dawn asked.

"Well you can always watch and see."

"I couldn't watch your brother and sister and especially our parents!"

"Why not? You think they don't have sex?"

"I couldn't watch my parents have sex?"

"I bet you could and I'll even bet you do," I said to her with a big grin.

"James, you wouldn't watch your family have sex, would you?"

"Why not?"

"It wouldn't be right," Dawn said.

"Okay, let's just go to bed then."

Dawn paused, then she began to strip off her clothes and so did I. We crawled in the bed and I turned off the lights.

About 10 minutes later, "you really want to watch," Dawn quizzed me in the dark.

"It's up to you."

"I want to watch..."

We turned on the table lamp and I picked up the remote and handed it to Dawn. The first thing she pulled up on the TV was the pool house. We quickly saw that Brian had figured it all out. He had Angie sitting on top with his face buried up between her legs. Angie had a nice looking body and seemed be enjoying the attention.

Dawn watched for a few minutes then pulled up the camera in Pete and Debbie's room. Debbie was busy sucking Pete's cock as he sat on one end of the chair. 

Debbie and I had been a lot closer than I was with Brian because of our age difference. When we were in college, I had seen Debbie having sex with some guy at school, she knew about it but never said much. When we were home on breaks from school the two of us were not bashful about seeing the other naked as we came and went from the bathrooms in the mornings. Debbie was always making comments about my huge cock, she had would even grabbed it as we passed in the hall.

"Your sister looks like she is getting into it," Dawn said.

"She's not bashful."

"I still can't believe you showed them the video."

"Pull up your parent's room."

"I can't!"

"Then give me the controller," I said as I took it from her hands.

I particularly wanted to see her mom naked, she was built just like Dawn and was still a very good looking women to be in here fifties. I punched up her parent's room. When the picture came up Charlie had his face buried up in Ann's pussy as she sat on the high side of the chair with one leg over a his shoulder. Ann was grabbing his head and pulling it in tight. She was moaning quite loudly as she appeared to be reaching her first orgasm. I thought it was interesting that she sounded just like Dawn. As she began to shake and squirm she let out a loud cry as she came. Charlie pulled his face away and I saw Ann squirting.

"So that is where you get it from!" 

"This is embarrassing."

"You want me to turn it off?"

"No."

As soon as Ann stopped squirting, Charlie rolled her over so that she was lying on her belly draped over the end of the chair. He slipped his cock up to the entrance of her pussy and slid into Ann. Charlie began to pound away at Dawn's mother. Ann was doing plenty of moaning and groaning as Charlie pulled himself in and out. After a while she began to hump and jerk like Dawn does when she is about to cum. Watching Ann's reactions was like watching Dawn. I could tell that Dawn and her mother had a lot in common in the sex department. As Charlie dumped his load in Ann she humped against his cock. As soon as Charlie finished pumping, Ann swung around and sucked Charlie's cum covered cock into her mouth.

"Just like your mom."

"You are disgusting, give me the remote!"

Dawn grabbed the remote and pulled up my parent's room. As she pulled up the camera in their room she was surprised by what she saw on the screen. My mother was just beginning to slide down in the middle of the chair onto my father's cock.

"Oh my god! Is everyone in your family hung like a horse?" Dawn said as she saw my mother slowly sliding down my father's impressive cock. .

"Yes, we are all pretty well hung."

She continued to watch as my mother slowly eased her way down. I knew that the way they were sitting she was going to get a very deep penetration.

"Oh my god Larry!" She said as she slowly settled all the way down.

"I can see why Dawn and James like this thing," Larry said.

"I wonder if Dawn can take all James' cock like I take yours?"

"You could ask."

"Larry!"

"Ask her, she might get a kick out of it."

"Larry, that is private!"

My mother began to slowly raise her hips up and down as she was filled with cock. We watched for a few minutes, I saw that my mother had learned how to enjoy a massive cock, much like Dawn did. 

"Your mother seems to be enjoying herself, does it bother you watching?" 

"Not really, glad to see my parents still enjoy sex. Why don't you ask her if my dad is big like me."

"I can't do that," Dawn said with a giggle.

"Oh got honey, you are so deep inside me!" My mom said.

"I like this, fuck my cock honey!"

We watched as my mother did all the work and finally reached a huge orgasm a the same time my did pumped her full of cum.

"You're not embarrassed James?"

"No, not at all. My family is pretty open."

"You haven't watched them have sex before have you?

"A few times, when I was real young."

"Pervert!" Dawn laughed.

"Oh god Larry! I don't think you have ever been this deep in me before!" Sue said.

"It was pretty good wasn't it," Larry asked.

"Yes it was."

Larry lifted my mom up off his cock and she sat up on the edge of the seat. He reached up and wiped the cum dripping from my mom's pussy and smeared it on her thighs.

"Suck my cock Sue, get it hard again, I want to fuck you in the ass," Larry said.

"So that is where you get that from," Dawn said.

"I'm even surprised at that."

Dawn changed the remote to see what Amy was doing. Dawn was surprised to see that Amy was watching everyone also. She had gotten her vibrator and was busy slipping it in and out of her pussy.

"You go girl," Dawn said as she switched to my sister's room.

Pete was busy hammering away at Debbie, he had her laying on her back with her head hanging off the end. She was moaning and groaning as Pete pumped away. I had never seen Pete's cock before, he was of average size but Debbie seemed to be really enjoying what she was getting.

"To bad Debbie doesn't get to have a huge cock too," Dawn said.

I didn't say anything.

We watched until Deb came hard and Pete pulled his cock out and shot cum all over Debbie's stomach. She rubbed her hands through it then licked it off her fingers. Pete sat on the other end and watched.

I wanted to see what Dawn's parents were up to so I switched back to their room. From the looks of things Ann had done an excellent job of getting Charlie's cock nice and stiff again. She was just finishing sucking him back to life when she stood up and leaned over the high end of the chair with her ass sticking up in the air. Charlie had a longer than average cock but nothing huge. I was going to see how Ann reacted to getting fucked in the ass, really hoping it would encourage Dawn to try more.

Charlie leaned forward and inserted first one finger then another into Ann's ass after getting them slick from her cum filled pussy juices. He worked his fingers in and out of Ann's ass for several minutes loosening her up. Charlie then leaned forward and pressed his cock up against her pussy lips. He grabbed himself and began to rub the head of his cock up and down Ann's slit. After he got it good and slick we watched as he pushed into Ann, sliding in and out several times, greasing his cock up with his on cum.

Finally Charlie pulled out and held his cock as he positioned it at Ann's asshole. He slowly pressed forward. We watched as the head of his cock slid into Ann's waiting ass. Ann groaned softly, Charlie pushed a little more and we watched as a few inches slid into her. Ann groaned some more and then used her arms to prop herself up. With one last effort, Charlie pushed all of his cock into Ann until his groin was touching her ass.

"Did you ever think you would be watching your mother getting fucked in the ass?" 

"No... never."

"What do you think?" I had to ask.

"She really seems to be enjoying it."

We watched as Charlie worked up a good tempo. Ann was holding herself up and really did seem to be enjoying it. Charlie worked in and out with long strokes. Ann was trying to look back and watch, she had a big smile on her face as Charlie pumped her. Obviously Dawn's mother was not new to this and seemed to derive great pleasure from it as her moans grew louder and louder. Ann lifted one hand and reached between her legs and began to rub her clit.

Although Dawn couldn't take me in her ass I could see where her sexuality came from. Ann was lost in lust as she was being fucked in the ass while she fingered her clit. Just watching, my cock was getting harder.

Charlie began to pump faster and faster, Ann began to meet each of his thrust as she moaned. They fucked like this for about 10 minutes. I couldn't help but think how Ann would like to have my nice big cock up her ass. Charlie began to moan and pump harder and harder as Ann began to thrash her head around.

"Harder, harder! Fuck me in the ass honey!"

I felt more than heard a small gasp come from Dawn.

"Oh god yes!" Ann cried out.

"I'm about to cum in your ass!"

"Fill me up, fill me up now!" 

Charlie began to thrust hard in slow pounding movements.

"Ahhhh!" Came out of Charlie's mouth as he shoved deep into Ann. "I coming!"

Ann began to lose control as she fingered herself.

"I'm coming too, shoot it deep in me!!" Ann cried.

We watched as Dawn's parents humped and jerked. Several minutes went by before Charlie pulled out, cock spent, and sat down on the other side. Ann held herself up by her arms for a minute and then turned to Charlie.

"Charlie that was fantastic. How can we ask Dawn where to get one of these?"

"Maybe I can ask James. Don't ask Dawn, it would embarrass her."

"That is incredible, I can't believe my parents still have sex like that," Dawn said

"Dawn, you know what we should do? Let's order a chair and have it sent to their house for Christmas!"

"Okay, but only if dad ask you about it first."

"Okay!"

"I want to see your mother take that thing in her ass," Dawn told me.

"Why don't we watch it later, maybe you can get some pointers."

Dawn punched me and grabbed the remote and we thumbed through all the cameras again, things were quieting down. I had a hard-on I wished would go away before Dawn discovered it.

"Ready for bed?" I asked.

"Yes, we can watch the rest another time."

I turned off the TV and we slid under the covers. Dawn turned to kiss me and when she did her arm bumped my erection.

"What is this? Did you get turned on watching my mother getting fucked in the ass?"

I had to think quick.

"Well honey, you and her do have the same body, I was turned on seeing how you would look twenty years from now."

"Does she look good?"

"Yes she does, she is very beautiful."

"Do you wish you could fuck me in the ass like that?"

"You know that I won't ever push you about that."

"Well maybe one day, now let me take care of this erection."

Dawn proceeded to slip down and give me a great blowjob before we went to sleep.

Friday morning Dawn woke me up early.

"Let's get showered and get downstairs and start breakfast before everyone gets up."

"I have a feeling that everyone will not be getting up this early," I told her.

"Come on, get up," she said as she pulled me out of bed.

After showering we went downstairs to start breakfast. I was right, no one was up. Dawn still insisted that we get started, she told me the women had planned on going into town to shop at the Black Friday sales.

"Where are you all going shopping?" I asked.

"We are going to the mall and then hit some of the boutiques."

"Are you going to be doing any Christmas shopping?" 

"Maybe, why?" 

"I was thinking you might take everyone to your lingerie shop and treat them to something nice...and sexy."

Dawn shopped at a very exclusive and expensive lingerie shop, she wore some pretty hot stuff that I knew was quite expensive.

"That's sweet of you, I think I will do that."

"Just a thought. I know Angie would like something nice and expensive."

"Everyone else would too. What are you guys going to do all day?"

"I'm not sure. I am sure there are some football games on or something."

"Football," was all Dawn said.

As we worked on breakfast, Ann came down from upstairs and Debbie came out of the downstairs bedroom. They had each found one of the long silk robes that were in every bedroom. Ann looked spent like she had been up all night, her robe was loosely tied revealing some deep cleavage that reminded me of Dawn.

"Good morning," Dawn said to them.

"Sleep well?" I asked.

Dawn gave me a little elbow.

"Yes, I slept very well," Ann said with a smile.

"I did too," Debbie said.

"I hear you ladies are going shopping," I said.

"Why else would we be up this early?" Debbie replied.

"Debbie, why don't you go out to the pool house and see if Angie is up," Dawn asked.

"Good idea, there is no telling how late the newlyweds were up last night," Debbie replied as she turned and headed toward the patio doors.

Ann climbed up on a one of the stools at the end of the bar. About the same time my mother came down the stairs.

"Good morning everyone," mother said.

"Did you sleep well mom, everyone else did," I said and got another elbow from Dawn.

"Quite well, thank you, do you need any help Dawn?"

"No, we've got it," Dawn replied.

Ann reached across the counter for the pot of coffee, when she did her robe came open and I got a good look at her breasts.

"Let me help you Ann," I told her.

"Thanks," she said.

She looked at me and knew I had been looking at her breasts. She leaned back and smiled and pulled her robe closed. I got the pop of coffee and poured her a cup.

"Thank you," she said with another smile.

Dawn and I continued to work on breakfast. Debbie returned with Angie and Brian.

"Good morning you two," Dawn said.

"Good morning," came back.

Breakfast will be ready in a few minutes, we need to wake the guys up," Dawn said.

"I'll go and get them up," Brian said and turned and headed toward the stairs.

"Thanks," Dawn replied.

Brian went upstairs and I heard him knocking on doors and telling the others to get up. In a few minutes the men all began to head down the stairs. Deb headed to the downstairs bedroom to get Pete up.

"Brian, before you come down would you knock on Amy's door and wake her up please," I asked.

"Sure," Brian said as he turned and headed back down the hallway.

Charlie and Larry headed down the stairs.

"It's about time you two got up!" Ann said.

"Damn it's early," came from Larry.

"The women are going shopping," I told him.

"That explains it," Charlie replied as they headed to the kitchen.

Dawn had gotten Ann and Sue to put the plates out and set the table. I grabbed the orange juice and took it to the table, when I returned the guys were all getting coffee.

"It smells good," Larry told Dawn.

"Well it is ready, everyone grab a plate and get what you want."

"Where did Brian go?" Angie asked.

About that time Brian appeared at the top of the stairs. He had his hands jammed in the pockets on the front of his robe. As I looked I knew he was attempting to hide an erection, I wondered what had happened. He slowly walked down the steps and then he approached the kitchen and stood behind the bar, I hoped Angie hadn't noticed. Luckily she was up and getting something to eat. I heard Amy coming down the stairs. I looked up at her, she had on a long silk robe and from the slit in the front I was wondering if she had on anything else.

"Good morning Amy," I said.

"Good morning," she replied as she walked toward the kitchen.

She came around the bar to the kitchen side and climbed up on one of the stools and sat.

I watched as her robe slipped open, she was wearing a pair of silk pajama shorts and a matching silk top that only came down to her stomach. She let her robe fall open as I watched both Charlie and Larry give her a good long stare. You couldn't help but be impressed with how well her D tits stood up under the top, knowing she didn't have a bra on because we could see her huge nipples under the silk. When Ann and Sue came back from the table I watched as they caught a glimpse of Amy and a glimpse of their husband's lustful stares.

"Let's eat!" Dawn said pulling the men's brains back.

Everyone served themselves and sat down at the table. Amy was the last to walk over to the table, her robe open, I couldn't help but think she did look hot in the shorts and top. Brian had attempted to hold his plate in one hand while he had his other still jammed into the pocket of his robe. He had been staring at Amy when she sat in the chair.

Everyone dug in and had plenty to eat and plenty of coffee. The guys were talking and the women were laughing and talking about where they were going.

"Dawn, do you think you all can fit in the Escalade and get all your packages in also?" I asked knowing that was the biggest vehicle out of all.

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Sure, we can fit everything in," Dawn said.

Everyone finished eating and cleared the table. I told Dawn I would clean up so she could go get dressed. All the women headed back to their rooms, Charlie and Larry went upstairs also to shower and get dressed. Pete and Brian helped me clean up, we were the only ones still in the kitchen.

a

"Women and their shopping," Pete said.

"Let them go have fun, at least we can watch football in peace," I said.

Pete went over to wipe off the table, I walked over to Brian.

"What was the problem this morning bro?" I asked.

"What?" Brian replied.

"What was with the big erection when you came down the stairs?"

"I didn't have an erection."

"Brian, I am your brother, I know how hard it is to hide one of our erections."

"Oh, it was nothing."

"It must have been something," I said.

"Well...I went to get Amy up and I knocked on the door several times and she didn't answer. So I open the door to check on her and when I went in her room she was laying on top of the sheets naked, face up."

"You were up there longer than that."

"Well...I...couldn't help but stand there and stare James, she is so fucking hot. She woke up and caught me staring at her, she didn't say a thing or move to cover up."

"Yes, she is a late sleeper," I said.

"No, she just laid there and let me look. I finally said sorry and turned and went back out the door."

"Maybe you should knock louder next time," I said, completely avoiding the topic.

"Oh sure," Brian mumbled.

Pete came back over with dishes and asked what to do with them. I told him to put them in the dishwasher. We finished cleaning up and loading the dishwasher. We were sitting at the bar drinking coffee when the women started showing back up. Angie came in from the pool house, Amy finally came down the stairs dressed very conservatively. I guessed Charlie and Larry were still taking a shower or getting dressed.

"We are off!" Dawn said.

"Be careful, call if you are going to be real late, or run out of money," I quipped.

"We won't run out of money!" Dawn said.

No, I guess they wouldn't, I was sure Dawn wouldn't let them.

All the guys finally gathered in the big room dressed and showered. I had been the last to come back down. They had found something to watch on TV, it was going to be awhile before the football games. I sat down on one of the loveseats.

"So did everyone have a good night," I asked to see what I got.

"Very good," Larry said as he laughed.

"Oh, yes, we had a good night," Pete answered.

"It sounded like it?" I told them.

The guys looked a little shocked then laughed.

"James, I have to ask...where did you find those chairs," Charlie asked sort of blushing.

"Yeah," Brian asked.

"Did you two try them out?" I asked, knowing they had.

"Uh...well...yes," Brain came in.

"Did everyone try them out?" I asked and waited.

I got nods from everyone.

"Did you like them?" I asked.

"Some of the best sex I have had in a long time," Larry said surprising me.

"Anyone else?" I asked.

I got yeses and other comments from everyone.

"Where did you get them?" Charlie asked again.

"You want one?" 

"Well yes, I think Ann would enjoy having one," Charlie said.

"Anyone else want one?" I asked.

I finally got yeses and 'I would like to have one' from everybody.

"Well before you leave, walk around the house and pick a color you like. Consider it our Christmas present."

"You don't have to do that," Charlie said.

"Don't argue with me, just let me know before you leave, I'll have them delivered to you by Christmas."

"Thanks," came from Brian.

As noon approached the football games came on, Brian and Pete wanted to watch one game and Charlie and Larry wanted to watch another. I sent Bran and Pete down to the game room, I really didn't care which one I watched. I stayed upstairs with Charlie and Larry. About 2:00 it was halftime. Charlie and Larry and I had already gotten into the beer and leftovers from Thanksgiving. We were all talking while the halftime show was on.

"James can I ask you something," Charlie said.

"Sure," I said.

"Do you and Dawn really have sex on those chairs all the time?"

"A lot," I said.

"Why are they in every room and all over the house?"

I had to think through this one fast.

"Dawn likes the way they look and we sleep all over the house," I said hoping that would satisfy him.

"Oh, I was just wondering," Charlie replied.

"Charlie, your little girl is all grown up now."

Charlie laughed a little.

"Sue and I had a really good time on it last night, thanks for showing me what it was for, I never would have thought of it," Larry said.

"It can be fun."

Brain and Pete came upstairs looking for something to eat. They found the leftovers we had already gotten out. I walked to the kitchen to see if there was anything else they needed.

"James, those are some pretty hot pictures of Dawn you have hanging around the house. Does Dawn mind everyone looking at them?" Pete asked.

"No, I took them and she thought they looked good so I blew them up and had them framed."

"Have her parents said anything about them?"

"Not yet, I know Charlie saw them."

"I wish Deb would let me take pictures of her like that and hang them up around the house."

"Have you ever asked Pete?"

"No."

"Maybe you should just ask, Deb is pretty cool, you should know that by now," I told Pete. "Show her the pictures again and just ask her."

"Okay, I'll try that, Brian told me about seeing Amy this morning. He said he told you about it," Pete continued

"So?" I said.

"Have you ever seen her naked?" Pete asked while Brian listened.

"Once."

"Just once?" Brian asked.

"Just once, I don't go around trying to catch her naked."

"She is pretty damn hot, I wished I had gotten to see her naked," Pete said.

Pete was a bit of a horn dog.

"She looked pretty hot yesterday in the hot tub. You and Dawn spend much time with her in the hot tub," Pete continued.

"Occasionally," I said to torment Pete.

If Pete and Brian only knew.

"Lucky stiff, how long is she going to be staying here?" Pete asked.

"I don't really know, you would have to ask Dawn about that."

I walked over to the Charlie and Larry attempting to get out of this conversation. Brian and Pete came over while they were munching on a sandwich and asked how the other game was going. Larry talked to them awhile until halftime was over. Pete and Brian headed back downstairs.

After they left and before the game started again Charlie said, "I heard you all talking about Amy."

Oh shit, I thought, here we go again.

"How well do you know her?" Charlie asked.

"Dawn has known her for several years, she works at the hospital."

"How long is she going to be staying?" 

"Until she gets back on her feet. She just got out of a bad relationship and Dawn told her she could live her while she decided what to do."

"Well I think that is great of you two," Charlie said. "Did you really see her naked?"

"It was accident."

"What did Dawn say," Larry asked.

"I told her about it, she just laughed it off."

"You are lucky," Larry replied shocking me.

"I guess."

Thank god there were no more questions about Amy for the rest of the day. The guys had all decided to not tell the girls about the chairs so they would be a surprise. We all watched football until the girls came back in around 6:00, we helped them unload bags from the car. As I looked at the bags I saw several from Dawn's lingerie shop. I was hoping they had all bought something to surprise their husbands. After a while we had everything unloaded and taken to the appropriate rooms. It appeared they had had a good day of shopping, the SUV had been loaded down.

I had pulled Dawn aside and ask her about the lingerie shop. She told me that she had bought everyone several very nice sets of lingerie. She also told me that she had gotten them things that they wouldn't have dared wear unless she had talked them into it. I told her about the chairs I was going to get everyone for Christmas, she thought that was great.

By 7:00 Dawn and the ladies had whipped up leftovers for that night's dinner. We all filled a plate and sat around the big room and talked. As everyone finished up I saw Pete and Debbie go downstairs. After a while they came back up and wandered around the first floor. I finally figured out that he was showing the pictures of Dawn to Debbie, I was wondering how that conversation was going.

Dawn eventually came over and asked me what they were looking at, I told her about what Pete had said about her pictures. She giggled and smiled then she found them down the hall and I watched as she returned and led them upstairs. I knew she was going to show them the more revealing pictures in our bedroom. They were gone for a longtime before they returned.

Debbie and Pete had spent a lot of time looking at all the racy photos of Dawn hanging around the house. I had taken all of them and they were tastefully done. I am quite a bit more than an amateur photographer, I have a lot of nice camera equipment and lights. The pictures of Dawn were all black and white, most of the pictures around the house except for the ones in our bedroom were nothing more than lingerie shots, not showing anything really. They had been taken either in the house or outside. They were very sexy and I had been surprised that Dawn hadn't taken them down. 

Now the pictures in our bedroom were a different story. They showed a little more skin than the others and several of them were of Dawn in some very revealing lingerie. The only real comments we got on those were from Dawn's parents. Her mother thought they were a little too revealing and her dad thought they were pretty nice. Brian and Angie thought they were pretty hot and so did Deb and Pete. When I had seen Deb and Pete spending a lot of time looking at them I thought Pete was probably only wanting to get an eyeful of Dawn. Debbie and Angie knew that I was quite proficient with a camera and complimented me on the pictures. Deb cornered me later to ask me more about the pictures.

"I really like the pictures you made of Dawn. Is she okay with other people seeing the pictures?" 

"She is cool with it. When you have a body like hers everyone is always staring anyway"

"Pete really likes them too."

"I am sure he does, he is always trying to sneak looks at Dawn," I said with a laugh.

"No, Pete really likes the idea of the pictures. He was saying that he wished he had some of me like that to hang around the house."

"Well Deb, you have a hot body too, get someone to take some."

"He would like that, but I am not sure I could take off my clothes in front of a photographer. I wouldn't trust him, he could put the pictures on the internet or something," Deb told me.

"How would Pete feel with pictures of you half naked hanging around the house?" I asked.

"Pete likes it when other men look at me, he said he wouldn't have a problem with it."

"I am sure you can find someone willing to take pictures of you with no clothes on," I said with a laugh.

"Well brother, I was hoping you would take them for me," Deb asked as she looked at me and smiled.

"Are you sure?" I asked. "I would be happy to do it but why don't you talk to Dawn about it and see how she feels."

"You think she would have a problem with you taking pictures of me?"

"I don't think there would be any issue with it, I just think it would be a nice idea to run it by Dawn that's all."

"Okay, if she says okay with it will you do it?"

"Sure. Just find a day when you can drive back and stay overnight and we can do it the next morning, we can spend the day doing it," I told her.

"I would like to give the pictures to Pete around Valentine's day, that is near our anniversary," Deb said.

"Okay, I'll need about a month to get them printed and framed, so you better plan on coming in January."

One of the other rooms in the basement was my darkroom where I processed my own film and prints. Now that I had plenty of money it was set up for color printing and processing, it had just been black and white before.

Now Deb was only a little over a year older than me. When we were growing up the two of us had never been shy about being naked around each other. Occasionally our parents would say something about the two of us running back and forth between the bathroom and our bedrooms with no clothes on but that was about it. We both went to the same college so she was just a year ahead of me. Deb and I had double dated many times during college even in grad school after I had met Dawn.

A little while after I had talked to Deb about the pictures her and Dawn came and sat beside me on the sofa.

"Deb said she wants you to take some pictures like mine of her," Dawn said.

"She had asked me about it."

"Why did you tell her to ask me?" 

"I just thought you might have some input on it," I told her.

"I don't care, I think it would be cool, her and Pete really like what you did with my pictures."

"Okay, I'll do it, I just wanted to check with you," I said.

"It's okay if you want to do this for your sister, I think it's great, you two have a relationship where she is comfortable with it," Dawn replied.

"That's great!" Deb said. "How about the first weekend after New Year's?"

I had to think a minute because I was wondering if that would be enough time after the party, then I said, "Sounds good to me."

Everyone sat around and talked until it was getting late. About 11:00 Larry and Sue decided it was time to go to bed, Charlie and Ann soon followed. That left just the younger crowd down stairs after they went upstairs.

"What does everyone want to do now?" I asked.

"Let's have some drinks," Dawn said. "What does everyone want?"

Dawn and I got up and went to the bar and fixed everyone a drink and returned with a tray full. Everyone grabbed their drinks and began to sip.

"Does anyone want to watch a movie?" Dawn asked them.

"Sure, what have you got?" Brian asked.

"What do you want to see?" Dawn asked. "We have almost anything you might want to watch, if we don't we can get it off cable or satellite."

"You have any racy stuff?" Pete asked.

"How racy?" Dawn asked.

"Any adult videos?"

"You mean good old porn," Dawn shot back at him.

"Well, sure," Pete responded.

"Pete, I've got pretty much anything you want to watch," Dawn replied with a smile.

"How about one of them," Pete asked.

"Debbie?" Dawn asked.

"Okay with me," she said.

"Brian, Angie?" Dawn said as she looked at them.

"I'm okay with it, Angie?" Brian said.

"I guess so," Angie replied.

"Amy?" I asked because I had to.

"Fine with me," she said.

"Don't all of you act like you don't watch porn at home," Dawn said with a giggle. "If that is what everyone wants to see why don't we go downstairs."

"Sure, let's go," I said.

Everyone grabbed their drinks and we headed downstairs. When we got to the theater room everyone went inside and I closed the doors.

"Have a seat. Anything in particular anyone wants to see?" Dawn asked.

"You pick something," Angie said.

Everyone moved into a seat, Dawn and I sat in the seat down front. I watched as Dawn surfed through our porn collection on the remote. She finally picked something and pressed the play button. The screen started coming down and the lights went down and the movie began to play.

She had picked one of the better made movies, it at least it had a plot. We all settled in and watched the movie for about 2 hours. There were a lot of the standard sex scenes and money shots. It was quite in the room except for the movie. It finished around 2:00 in the morning.

"Want to watch another or is everyone ready to go to bed now," Dawn asked.

"Think we will go to our room, but not necessarily to bed," Debbie said.

"Sounds like a good idea," Brian said as Angie giggled.

There were a few giggles as Dawn turned on the lights. We all headed out and upstairs. Pete and Debbie headed to the downstairs bedroom, Brian and Angie hurried across the patio to the pool house, it had gotten a little cool outside.

"You ready for bed dear," Dawn asked.

"Sure, let's go."

"What about me?" Amy asked.

"I think you need to go to bed too," Dawn told her.

"Oh good."

"In your own bed," Dawn said.

Amy looked disappointed.

When we got to the bedroom Dawn for once was tired and wanted to go to bed. She had been up since early and was tired from all the shopping. We climbed into bed and went to sleep.

We woke up late Saturday morning.

"James, do you think everyone had a good time?" Dawn asked as she snuggled up against me.

"I think so," I told her.

"Let's take a shower before we go downstairs," Dawn said.

We got up and went to the bathroom and showered for a long time, we took plenty of time soaping each other up and playing with each other. After the shower we dressed appropriately and went downstairs. Our parents were up and had fixed breakfast. Debbie, Pete, Brian and Angie hadn't appeared yet.

"Hey you two," Ann called out as she saw us coming down the stairs. "Sleep well?"

"Yes we did, we were up late," I said.

"Where your brother and sister up with you, they haven't gotten up yet either," Ann asked.

"Yes, we were all up late," I told her.

"Doing what?" Ann asked.

"Uh, we were watching a movie."

"Must have been a good one," Ann responded with a smile.

We walked over to the kitchen and grabbed some breakfast.

"Should we wake your brother and sister?" Ann asked.

"No, let them sleep in, they have a long drive today," Dawn replied.

We sat at the bar and made small talk with our parents. After a while everyone else showed up dressed for the trip home, Amy was dressed in sweat pants and a big sweat shirt. Everyone talked and laughed all morning. Dawn's parents were scheduled to fly out in the afternoon so Dawn would be taking them to the airport about 1:00. Debbie and Pete would be leaving soon after since they lived further away. Angie and Brian would probably be leaving later since they just lived on the other side of the city. My parents would probably leave shortly after Deb and Pete, they had a little way to drive also.

Dawn and Ann asked if anyone wanted some sandwiches to take on the drive back. Everyone said that would be good. We all talked the rest of the morning.

I had walked down to the electronics room to check on something while everyone else was distracted. When I opened the door, Deb was coming out of the bedroom.

"What's in there?" Deb asked as I turned.

"Oh, it's a safe room for Dawn and I," I told Deb as she walked up and I pulled the door closed behind me.

"Can I see?" Deb asked.

"It's a mess," I told her.

Deb walked up real close to me. 

"You think you will have time to do me when I come back in January?"

"Sure, you drive down on Saturday and rest and we will shoot the pictures on Sunday, don't forget to bring any lingerie you want to use," I told her.

"No, I mean do you think you will be able to, 'do me', when I come back," Deb said as she looked into my eyes.

"Deb! Come with me," I said to her as I escorted her down the hall to the sunroom.

"Do you mean what I think you mean?" I asked when I got her to the sunroom.

"You know what I mean, it's been a long time."

"That was a long time ago Debbie, you shouldn't be talking about that."

"I know it has been a long time, I miss your huge cock. Pete just doesn't have it down there."

"Deb that was a time when we made some mistakes."

"Do you really think it was a mistake, you seemed to enjoy it while you were in grad school," Deb said to me.

"Deb, if Dawn ever found out about that I don't know what she would do, you need to be careful."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I was just hoping you would be able to find the time to 'do me' again that's all."

"Just show up for the pictures Debbie."

"Where did you two go," Dawn said from the doorway.

I jumped when I heard her voice.

"Uh, Debbie was just looking at the sunroom again," I told Dawn.

"Why do you look so serious then?"

"Nothing, you just surprised us," I said to Dawn.

"Apparently I did," Dawn replied and turned and walked off.

I grabbed Deb by the arm and we quickly followed Dawn back to the den.

"I found them, they were down the hall talking," Dawn announced to everyone then looked back over her shoulder at us.

Everyone talked a while longer and then Dawn's parents went to their room to get their bags to leave for the airport. I loaded their bags into the Escalade as they said their goodbyes and Dawn got ready to take them to the airport.

"We had a good time you two, we look forward to visiting again," Ann said.

"You know you are welcome anytime you want to come," I told her.

"Goodbye everyone, we need to get to the airport," Ann said

"Dawn I'll see you in a few hours," I said as I closed the door to the Escalade.

"Be back as soon as I can," Dawn replied.

I watched as Dawn drove down the driveway and then went back in the house.

As I returned to the crowd I absentmindedly sat down beside Amy before I realized it. Pete was watching closely, so was Deb. I had to act as if it happened all the time, which it did. My parents had looked at us closely too.

"Mom, Dad, when do you all have to leave?" Brian asked.

"I think we will be leaving to, I don't want to get stuck in holiday traffic," Larry said.

"I don't think it will be too bad, why don't you two stay awhile longer," Deb told them.

"Well, I think we should get back soon, we have some things I need to take care of at the house," Dad said as he placed his hand on Mom's leg.

"You do?" Mom asked.

"Yes, we do, remember there is that mess in the bedroom that needs to be cleaned up before tonight," Dad said as he squeezed Mom's leg and looked at her.

"Oh, yes, we do need to get back," Mom said to everyone.

"If you have to go then let me go up and get your bags," I told them.

I went upstairs to get their bags and returned. They were saying goodbye to everyone. I started out the door with the bags. Once we got outside I loaded the bags into their car and opened the door for Sue.

"You two be sure and take care of that mess in the bedroom as soon as you get home," I said with snicker.

"We will son," Mom said with a grin.

"Bye."

I watched as they drove down the drive. I knew what the mess was they needed to take care of when they got home. I was happy to see that my parents had a good time. I went back inside and returned to the seat beside Amy since my parents were gone.

"So Amy, how long do you think you will be living in the castle?" Pete asked.

"I'm not sure. As long as Dawn and James will have me I," Amy said a little bit sarcastically as she put her hand on my leg and looked at me. She knew Pete was being an ass.

"Pete, are you going to come back with Deb in January for the pictures," I asked hoping for a yes.

"No, he usually has to work on weekends," Deb replied.

"Yep, I'll have to work. I hope they turn out good," Pete replied.

"What pictures?" Angie asked.

"James is going to take some pictures of me like the ones of Dawn that are hanging around the house," Deb said looking at Angie with a smile.

"Really?!" Angie replied.

"Really," Deb responded.

"Pete you don't mind?" Angie asked.

"Not as long as the pictures look good! He is her brother," Pete responded.

"Wow," Angie said.

"Angie, why don't you let James do the same thing for you?" Deb replied with a smile.

Great, I thought, Deb is egging her on. Knowing Angie was somewhat conservative I knew this would go no place.

"I couldn't do that!" Angie replied.

Good, I thought.

"You could do it Angie," I heard Brian say.

"No I couldn't Brian."

"I guess you need to be pretty confident to do it," Deb said with a tone.

"Deb," I whispered.

Deb was sitting near me and she turned and looked and winked so Pete couldn't see.

"I think Angie could do it," Brian said. "I would like to have some pictures like that, not hanging around the house, but in an album."

"Brian!" Angie said to him.

"Would you do it James?" Brian asked me.

"Brian, I wouldn't do that, I don't know your brother that well," Angie quipped at her husband.

"I didn't think so," Deb said just a little too loud.

"Deb, how can you let your brother see you like that?" Angie replied sharply to Deb.

"Oh, we have seen each other naked before," Deb responded.

"Really," came from Pete and Angie at the same time.

I wanted to strangle Deb.

"Only when we were kids," I said.

"Teenagers," Deb said.

I gave Deb a really hard look as she looked at me.

"Really," Pete said.

"Angie, don't let Deb goad you," I said to Angie.

"They would be nice," Brian said.

"Drop it Brian," I said sternly.

The room was silent for a while. Deb was looking at me with a eat shit grin.

"Maybe I should come," Pete said.

"Pete, Dawn will be here to help, give it a break or I won't do them."

That shut him up, he really wanted the pictures and he was being an ass again.

I looked at Angie and she was frowning as Brian whispered in her ear. I hoped Brian wasn't still going on about the pictures. Angie was really sweet and I didn't want Brian to piss her off. They were still newlyweds and he didn't need any racy pictures of Angie around the house, they had a lot of people at the house and it would really embarrass Angie if someone saw her like that.

"Anyone want anything else from the kitchen, I'm getting a soda," I said as I got up from beside Amy and headed to the kitchen.

"A beer!" Pete said.

"No," Deb said. "You are driving."

"Soda then."

I went to the kitchen to get some drinks. I was looking in the fridge when Brian walked up beside me.

"Would you take some pictures of Angie if I can talk her into it," he whispered.

"Brian, don't push her, she is not as outgoing as you and sis are," I told him.

"I know, but I am trying to get her to loosen up some, there is a lot more to Angie than you all get see."

"Don't push her Brian, Deb is being an ass you know."

"What if Dawn talked to her?" He asked.

"Okay, after Pete and Deb leave you guys will be here later. When Dawn gets back you talk to her about it, I am not getting in the middle of this."

"Okay," Brian said and grabbed two sodas and returned to sit with Angie on the loveseat.

I returned to give Pete his soda, I wanted to shake it up real good before I gave it to him but I didn't want to clean up the mess.

"Thanks," Pete said.

About an hour later Pete and Deb were finally leaving, much to my pleasure. Pete and I loaded their bags into the car.

"James, I really do hope you get some nice pictures of Deb, I will really appreciate it, and sorry for the wise crack in there," Pete said as we were loading the bags.

"I will, you'll like them. I will send the proofs to you two so you can pick out the shots you like."

"Thanks James, Deb will appreciate it too," Pete said.

Deb came out with Brian and Angie. Deb and Pete got in the car and drove off. We all went back in the house.

"Dawn should be back about 3:00," I told Angie and Brian, it was about 2:30.

Brian and Angie returned to the loveseat, I sat on the sofa this time but Amy sat real close me. It was quite for a few minutes.

"Angie, did you and Brian have a good time?" Amy asked.

"Yes we did," Brian replied. "It was nice meeting you Amy."

"It was nice meeting the two of you also, I am glad you got to see me Brian."

Amy giggled a little.

"Do you and Dawn work together at the hospital Amy?" Angie asked.

"Well, I work in a different department than Dawn but when Dawn is working we usually see each other."

"What is Dawn doing now," Angie asked.

"She is still working for that reconstructive doctor when he needs her on serious cases, she usually only works a day or so a week," I told her.

"Must be nice," Angie said.

"Angie are you still working at the law firm that Brian is at?" I asked, she had been a paralegal with them.

"Yes, everyday and some weekends," Angie remarked. "I have pretty regular hours except for the overtime I have to put in, Brian works a lot of overtime too."

"I have to for now to get my foot in the door Angie," Brian said.

"I know, I just wished you were home more," Angie replied.

"It will only be for a few years, you know that," Brian replied.

"Angie, why are you working so much overtime?" I asked.

Angie paused for a moment.

"I need a new car, mine is shot," she replied.

"Brian, are you having money issues?" 

"No! We are doing fine since we don't have a house payment thanks to you and Dawn," Brian responded.

"Then why is Angie working so much?" 

"Well, I just bought a new car awhile back and now we need another one."

"He bought that expensive sports car we came in," Angie said curtly.

"I can't drive something cheap to the office Angie."

"Listen you two, I can help you."

"You have already given us your old house, we are okay," Brian replied.

"You know if you need anything you just have to ask."

"Okay," Brian replied.

Brian changed the conversation asking more questions about the house, sometimes I think Brian resented our luck a little. We talked and laughed until Dawn returned.

"I'm back," Dawn said as she came through the door.

"Good thing," I said.

"Did you miss me!"

"Very much," I said thinking about what I had been through with Pete and Deb.

"Pete and Deb gone?" Dawn asked.

"Yes, they left about 45 minutes ago," I told her.

"I need something to drink," Dawn said as she headed to the kitchen.

I followed her to the kitchen.

"Deb brought up the pictures she wants me to take and she was teasing Angie about doing it, you know how conservative Angie is and it upset her some. Deb was being an ass," I whispered to her in the kitchen. "Now Brian is pushing her to let me take some of her, don't say anything to her unless they bring it up, I tried to get Brian to let it go but he wouldn't."

"Really, is she upset that much?" 

"I don't know."

I grabbed something to munch on and headed back to the den with Dawn. We sat on the end of the sofa close to Angie and Brian.

"How was the traffic?" Brian asked Dawn.

"It wasn't too bad, you guys shouldn't need to leave real early," Dawn replied.

"Angie, did Brian like the sexy lingerie you got?" Amy asked.

Angie looked at Brian and smiled, "Yes he did! Thanks Dawn."

"Yes, thanks Dawn," Brian repeated. "She is wearing it right now."

"Brain!"

"Angie, why don't you come back one weekend and we will go shopping again," Dawn told her.

"I have to work on the weekends," Angie replied.

"Angie, you can take a weekend off and come visit Dawn and the two of you go shopping," I told her.

"Maybe in a few weeks or so," Angie said.

"I expect to see you soon," I told her.

"Maybe if you get some more sexy stuff, you might let James takes some pictures of you for me," Brian said.

"Brian!" I said.

"What?" Dawn asked.

"Deb was talking about the sexy pictures James is going to take of her for Pete and now Brian wants me to do it," Angie replied.

"I think that would be great!" Dawn responded.

"Dawn, I would be too embarrassed to do something like that," Angie said.

"Why Angie?" Dawn asked her.

"I saw those pictures of you Dawn, I couldn't take my clothes of in front of James and let him take pictures of me," Angie pressed.

"Who said anything about you taking your clothes off Angie?" Dawn asked her.

"Well the pictures of you...you don't have any clothes on."

"In some of them, if you looked at all of them you will see that I have on lingerie in most of them, you don't have to take your clothes off if you don't want to, you can wear lingerie," Dawn told her.

"Yes," Brian said. "You could wear the stuff you have on now."

"I still don't know," Angie replied looking at Dawn.

"Angie, I saw that bikini you had on this weekend, there is more to my lingerie than there is to your bikini," Dawn said to her with a laugh.

"Well, I didn't think about it that way," Angie replied with a smile.

"We can get you some nice sexy lingerie that doesn't show off everything and you could wear that. You wouldn't be embarrassed wearing that in front of James would you?" Dawn asked her.

"I guess not," Angie replied. "But I couldn't take my clothes off like you did!"

"You wouldn't have to Angie, and I'll be here," Dawn told here.

"How about it Angie?" Brian asked her with hope in his eyes.

"Maybe...okay!"

"Great!" Dawn said. "When can you come?"

"I'll need a few weeks to make arrangements to get off work one weekend."

"Let's plan on the last weekend of January or the first one in February then," Dawn told her. "You come up on Saturday morning and we will go shopping and James can take the pictures Saturday afternoon or Sunday."

"Okay!" Angie replied.

Dawn had handled that quite well, I am always amazed at how she put people at ease. Angie and Dawn talked some more before everyone decided it was time for a snack. Dawn and Amy got up to get some leftovers out of the kitchen for everyone. We heard the two of the giggling in the kitchen. When the two of them returned Angie was giggling.

"Angie, I think you will have fun with the pictures," Dawn told her.

"It may be fun!"

"When you come back, we will go shopping and get you some hot lingerie," Dawn told her.

"I think this will be fun," she replied.

"So, Dawn and I will see you soon?" I asked her.

"Yes, and I guess you will be seeing a lot of me," Angie said with a laugh.

"I think we should go," Brian said as he stood up.

I looked and I know Dawn and Amy saw, Brian had a huge hard-on.

"Angie, I plan on you calling me to let me know when you are going to be her," Dawn told her.

"I will call you soon."

"You guys be careful driving back," I told them.

I grabbed their bags, Dawn and Angie headed out the door while I waited on Brian.

"Nice meeting you Amy," I heard Brian say behind me.

"Yes, it was," Amy replied. "You take care of your pretty wife when you get home."

Amy reached out and grabbed Brian's hard cock and held it.

Brian jumped and looked at Amy.

"I'll make sure I do."

Amy let go of Brian's cock and he headed toward the door. Amy and I followed him out. I hadn't paid much attention when they arrived but he was driving a nice Lexus sports coupe.

The three of us went back inside as they drove off.

"Wow, I am glad that is over," I said.

"Ah, they were all fun," Dawn said. "They all seemed to have fun and enjoy themselves."

"Yes, but now things can get back to normal," I said.

"What is normal around here?" Amy asked.

Dawn and I looked at each other and grabbed Amy and wrestled her to the sofa and began stripping off her clothes.

"This is normal!" Dawn said.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 11|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-11|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<I>Sorry it has been awhile, I have been busy. Read and enjoy some new things, make sure you read all the adventures in this series.</I>




I was cleaning the pool the Monday after the Thanksgiving holidays when I found a crack in the pool wall. It wasn't major but I discovered that the pool was leaking some water. I wanted to get it fixed if possible before the winter freeze and especially before the New Year's Eve party. I called the contractor and he came out to look at the problem on Tuesday, he decided the pool had settled a little after the construction. He suggested that I drain the pool and he would have the pool specialist come tomorrow and see what it would take to fix the crack in the pool. It was coming up on the first few days of December and I told him I really wanted it fixed before Christmas, he said he would see if it was possible. 

When the pool people arrived after I had the pool almost drained on Wednesday, they said they could get it fixed in time. The problem wasn't too bad and since it was cool weather now they didn't have anything to do so there would be plenty of help in getting the job done.

They worked late Friday and had the crack dug out and were finishing the removal of debris. They had discovered a few other small cracks from the settling so they went ahead and cleaned them out and prepared them for patching after the weekend. I had also decided to paint the pool a darker color instead of the 'pool blue' it was now painted. I had always hated that color and it didn't go with all the natural rock landscaping.

I had called Sam earlier in the week to ask for help in laying down the sound track for the surprise movie. I had tried but when I did it muffled the background voices. He said he could come on Saturday so I asked him to bring Olivia and stay till Sunday. He agreed so Dawn and I made plans for the two of them that weekend. Unfortunately, Amy was going to be out of town with her family for the weekend so Sam would miss her. 

Olivia and Sam arrived around noon on Saturday, Dawn had prepared a lunch for all of us before we started working on the video. After lunch Olivia and Dawn had moved to the sofa in front of the big fireplace with drinks, Dawn had a small fire going. I was thinking to myself that if Dawn had on more clothes, she might not be cold. Even though it was December she was still running around the house in her cut-off blue jean shorts and a t-shirt. Olivia had dressed more appropriately for the weather, long pants and a long sleeve blouse. The two of them seem to have settled in for girl talk.

Sam and I grabbed a beer. Sam looked outside and saw all the construction around the pool and asked what was up, I explained to him what had happened. We went outside and surveyed the damage. Sam looked around a lot and said 'too bad'. I told him it wasn't that bad, it would be ready for the party.

"You know James, I have some ideas for the lights in the pool if you would like to change them."

The pool had large underwater lights about every 6 feet around the pool in the walls. They looked nice at night when they were on.

"What have you got in mind," I asked.

"Well, since it is drained, I have a source for some new lights for pools that are softer than the harsh floodlights that are in the pool now and they have some special effects for them."

"Sam, talk to Dawn about it, she is the one that designed the pool and the landscaping."

"Will do."

We talked some more and then headed inside to the video room where all the editing equipment Sam loaned me was. With Sam's help I had managed to edit about 100 hours of video from the first party and the party with the other three couples down to about 8 hours of short vignettes, each about 30 minutes long per couple. Sam had already seen a lot of the video when he had been out before.

I had broken up the 8 hours of video to two 4 hour segments. All the action that had gone on had turned out pretty hot. I had also edited a separate video for each couple of just them. Dawn and I had decided to show the video to everyone in two different segments and to give everyone a copy plus their personal video as a New Year's Eve present. I just had to get the music laid down over the video before I burned all the DVD's for everyone.

Sam finally figured out what I had done wrong. I told him that I wanted to make sure that all the moaning, groaning and screaming was louder than the music. He showed me how to record the music on one track while not affecting the background sounds. We ran a test and it sounded great. The bad news was the music had to be laid down in real-time so we would have to 'struggle' through watching all 8 hours of the video while we mixed the music. 

"Let's get another beer and tell the girls where we will be for a while Sam."

We went to the kitchen to get another beer before we started. I told Dawn and Olivia that we would be back in the video room for a while and they were welcome to come and watch if they wanted.

"We might pop our head in after awhile," Dawn said.

It appeared she and Olivia were engrossed in girl talk and who knew what else. Olivia and Dawn appeared to be on their second round of drinks already. I wondered what Sam had told Olivia about the cameras and the video. He shouldn't have told her anything but I figured he had. 

Sam and I returned to the editing, he complimented my work as we went through the mix I had made. He asked more about what we were going to do with it, I explained about the surprise. He said that he felt like everyone would be very surprised.

"You know, you have a lot of cool friends," Sam said. "Olivia and I really felt at home at the Halloween party, I really want to thank you again for the invite. With all my work I don't have much of a social life so Olivia enjoyed getting out with other people."

"We will have to change that. What did Olivia think about the party and everything," I asked.

"She got really turned on by it. She was all over me on the way home that night and she was an animal in bed."

"Glad she enjoyed it then. I noticed the two of you off in a corner that night, Olivia seemed pretty comfortable being around a crowd," I probed.

"To tell you the truth James, Olivia is a bit of an exhibitionist. She always wants to have sex in the parking lot after we go out to dinner or something, she really gets hot if she thinks there are other people around who could see."

"Sounds like she is a lot of fun, you two should fit right in with the rest of the group."

We had been working on the video for several hours. I had retrieved additional beer when needed. As I went to and from the kitchen I noticed that Dawn and Olivia's girl talk had turned into a lot of giggling.

Sam and I couldn't help but get worked up over what we were watching. When we had started the mixing I had added the video demonstrating the sex chair at the beginning so everyone would think that was what the video was about. Sam had said, 'So that is what those weird things are for'. I told him that he and Olivia could try out the one that was in their bedroom that night. He looked at me and smiled. I wondered if he was thinking about the cameras in the house if he and Olivia did try out the chair.

"Can we come in," I heard Dawn say as she and Olivia came into the room.

"Sure," I said as they entered the room.

"How are things going," Dawn asked.

"We are working on the first section. Do you two want to watch?" I asked.

I then punched up what we were working on up on the big TV on the wall. It was the scene with the two couples out by the pool that was starting. Sam and I were sitting in the comfortable office chairs I had in the room for working.

"They are hot, I like this scene," Dawn said to Olivia.

I turned to look at Dawn and especially Olivia as she saw for the first time what we had recorded in the house. She was wide eyed but didn't look like she had any problems with it.

"Do all these people know that they are on camera?" Olivia asked.

"Not yet," Dawn told her. "We are going to show them at the New Year's Eve party. It is going to be a big surprise, so don't say anything about it."

"I am sure they are going to be surprised," Olivia remarked, and we all laughed.

We all watched the action on the big screen for a while. Dawn and Olivia had both walked up behind our chairs and were reaching around rubbing on our chest. I knew my erection was growing and I was sure Sam was having the same problem. As the scene transitioned to when the two couples outside on the patio had changed to where one of the wives was riding her husband and the other guys wife was sitting on the other husband's face, Dawn began to slip her hands down toward my belly. I looked over at Sam and Olivia and she was staring wide eyed at the screen while she had her hands down inside Sam's shirt. I reached up and grasp Dawn's arm and pulled her around to the front of the chair and then into my lap.

As soon as Dawn sat down in my lap the first thing she did was grab my expanding cock through the front of my sweats. I leaned forward and began kissing her on the neck as she started rubbing up and down my shaft. I moved a hand so I could rub the top of Dawn's thigh. She was still watching the action on the screen as I began to rub along the top and inside of her thigh. Dawn had sat in my lap in such a way that her legs were turned toward Sam so I knew they were getting a good look at what Dawn was doing to my cock and my hand rubbing up and down her thighs. I knew that if I spread Dawn's legs they would be able to see her crotch because she had her almost-nothing-there shorts on, but I figured I would take it slow to see what happened with Sam and Olivia.

I kept noticing that Sam was glancing over at Dawn's legs. As the ladies on the screen began to moan and scream Dawn began a more vigorous rub on my now erect cock. I noticed Olivia kept watching Dawn as she continued to rub. To see if I could advance things a little further I slid my hand up inside Dawn's t-shirt. I was surprised to find that she actually had a bra on. It wasn't much of one but I could feel the thin lace with my fingers as I began to massage her breasts. Dawn let out a slightly exaggerated moan as I continued to squeeze each breast. The screaming and moaning from the two ladies on the screen had gotten louder. The two guys had each of their wife's legs pushed up to their head and were pounding away at their pussies.

I continued to fondle Dawn's breasts under her shirt. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Sam pull Olivia around so she was sitting sideways in his lap so she was turned toward us also. I moved the hand that was on Dawn's back, pulled her shirt up to about the middle of her back and rubbed softly. I moved my hand from her breast to her stomach and began to stroke her stomach. This had always tickled Dawn some and I could feel her stomach muscles twitch as I slowly rubbed over the area. Dawn lifted her head and took her hand and wrapped it around my head and pulled it into her breasts. I found Dawn's nipple through her t-shirt and began to nibble and pull on it with my teeth. Dawn let out a few more exaggerated moans. This continued for several minutes and then Dawn released her hold on my head. I looked up and watched as Sam slowly unbuttoned Olivia's blouse from the top down. I watched with interest as each button came open and I could see more of Olivia's skin.

I could now see that Olivia had on a black lace bra under her blouse. Sam had her top completely unbuttoned and pulled open while he massaged her breasts. Olivia had slid a hand down and was rubbing the front of Sam's pants. Dawn and I watched as Sam leaned forward and bent to kiss Olivia's chest and neck, slowly working his way down to the tops of her breasts. Amazingly Olivia took her other hand and pulled one side of her top completely away exposing her dark skin and bra. Dawn, not to be outdone now looked at me and then reached down and grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it off over her head. She really looked good sitting in my lap with her small blue-jean shorts on and nothing else but a thin lace white bra. Then Dawn slid her hands up her sides and grabbed each breast and began massaging them. She did this long enough to make sure that Olivia saw her.

Sam had worked his way down to where he had his mouth on one of Olivia's nipples. Then Olivia sat up and pulled her top off. Sam sat back and looked a little shocked, then he looked toward us and saw Dawn sitting there without her t-shirt. I smiled at him and he smiled back. Dawn returned her grasp on my head and pulled it down to her breasts. I began to kiss and lick the tops of her breasts. I slowly worked my tongue down between the lace of her bra and began to lick her nipple that was nearly exposed anyway. I felt Dawn's nipple becoming erect and hard as I licked it. As her nipple became harder and her areolas began to swell I knew that if Sam looked he would be able to see them through her thin lace bra. Then I realized he wouldn't have to look hard as Dawn reached up and grab the shoulder strap of the bra on the side I was licking and pulled it down her shoulder far enough to expose that breast.

As soon as her tit was free from the lace I sucked as much of her areola into my mouth as I could and I began flicking her nipple with my tongue. When Dawn moaned this time I knew she wasn't doing it for show. I continued to suck and bite on Dawn's nipple to see how hot I could get her. 

After several minutes Dawn pulled my head away and turned it so I could see Olivia and Sam. Olivia had reached up and undone the clasp on the front of her bra and pulled it away. Now I could see her perfect full C breasts for the first time. Her dark skin was contrasted by dark areolas and nipples that stuck out like pencil erasers. Olivia looked at Dawn and smiled and winked at me at the same time.

I paused for a minute to admire Olivia's breasts then I reached up and pulled Dawn's head down to mine. I whispered quietly into her ear so I could not be heard over the music and sounds on the video.

"What are you two up to?" I asked softly.

Dawn turned her mouth toward my ear and whispered, "Olivia said she would do anything I did."

I whispered back, "And what are you going to do?"

"We'll see," she whispered back.

I thought this was going to be interesting. I slowly moved my hand up to the back of Dawn's bra and unsnapped it. Dawn pulled the bra free and dropped it to the floor. She began rubbing her now free tits. I saw Olivia turn Sam's head so he could see Dawn's breasts also. Sam gathered in a long look as Dawn squeezed her breasts together. I couldn't help but noticed how similar Dawn and Olivia's bodies were. Except for the fact that Olivia was about 2 inches shorter than Dawn they were almost identical.

Sam went back to sucking on Olivia's nipples. Olivia was watching us over Sam's shoulder. I returned to sucking on Dawn's breast and took my hand and began to rub her thighs again. I slowly rubbed up and down the tops of her thighs. Dawn began to pull my head down on her hard as she moaned a little. I slowly moved my hand up so that my fingers were rubbing at the place her thigh met her crotch. I slowly began to slide my fingers up and down between her thigh and her shorts. Dawn began to move her legs around just a little. I probed a little further in her shorts and felt something I didn't expect. I pulled my head away from Dawn's breasts and looked as I pulled her shorts to one side exposing a white lace thong. I hadn't expected Dawn to be wearing anything under her shorts, not that this thong was much. Surprised, I slipped my fingers into the bottom of her shorts and began to rub her mons through the lace.

I looked at Olivia as she smiled at me. Then Olivia reached down with her free hand and grabbed Sam's hand and moved it between her legs. Sam got the idea and began to rub Olivia's pussy through her pants. I could feel Dawn's wetness growing as I continued to rub her through the lace. I slid my fingers down and rubbed the edges of her pussy lips. Slowly I inserted one finger between her wet lips. Dawn moaned loudly. I watched as Sam looked over and watched me finger Dawn's pussy. I had her shorts pulled to the side so I knew he could see clearly. I watched as I saw Sam placed his thumb on Olivia's clit through her pants and began to rub her hard. Olivia now began to moan as she spread her legs to give Sam better access. Olivia then reached over and unzipped Sam's pants. I watched as she reached in and grabbed a handful of Sam's cock and began to rub. Not to be out done, Dawn reached in the top of my sweats and grabbed my cock.

I slipped two fingers inside of Dawn and placed my thumb on her clit and began to rub. Dawn spread her legs so I could get access and she continued to rub my cock harder. I could smell the scent of Dawn's juices as they began to flow, I knew that Sam and Olivia would be able to smell them too. Dawn moaned more and more. I was waiting to see what the next step would be with these two.

Dawn had turned the chair with her foot so that Sam and Olivia could see her pussy clearly. I looked up and saw that Olivia was fixated on my fingers working Dawn over. Then I felt Dawn's hand grab my hand and pull my hand and fingers out of her pussy. I looked to see what she was doing. Dawn lifted my hand to her mouth and sucked the two fingers I had in her pussy deep into her mouth while she looked at Olivia and Sam. They were now looking at my fingers disappearing into Dawn's mouth. 

I wondered how Olivia was going to match that. As Dawn sucked my fingers clean I felt her reach down and unsnap the top of her shorts and pull them open. Dawn then slowly pulled my fingers from her mouth and guided my hand down into the top of her shorts. I slid my hand the rest of the way in and began to finger her clit.

I watched as Olivia began to move so she could stand up. Sam looked to see me working Dawn's pussy over. Dawn stirred as she moved to see what Olivia was doing. Olivia got to her feet and was facing Sam with her back to us. I could tell she was unbuttoning her pants and pulling them open. She tried to let them fall from her ass but they were rather tight and she was fumbling to slide them down. Dawn pulled free from me, stood and reached over and grabbed the top of Olivia's pants and pulled them down for her and then helped her step out of them. Dawn then slid her hands up the outside of Olivia's legs slowly on the way back up.

"Thanks," Olivia said.

Olivia reached over and grabbed the top of Dawn's shorts and pulled them down and let them fall to the floor. Sam and I looked on with lust. Olivia was now standing there in just a small black lacey pair of panties and Dawn was standing there in a tiny white lace thong. I was eyeing Olivia's body as badly as Sam was eyeing Dawn's. Olivia had a perfect ass just like Dawn's. With Dawn's tan and Olivia's natural skin tones the two looked like sisters.

"Why don't we move to some place more comfortable," Dawn said.

I broke my gaze when I heard her, it gave me time to look up at the video we had forgotten. It was about finished. The scene of the two couples on the patio had ended and the next part had begun.

"Let me finish this, you all go on," I said.

Sam said, "I'll help."

The two girls walked out of the room and disappeared. Sam and I set the equipment to finish recording the sound track all the way to the end of the first section. Sam said we could come back and fade it out later.

"What are those two up to?" Sam asked.

"I suspect that the two of them have worked out some kind of plan. We shouldn't have left them alone so long."

"I am surprised at Olivia taking her clothes off in front of you two," Sam replied. "But she is a bit of an exhibitionist."
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Well Sam, I am glad she did, Olivia has a hot body."

"So does Dawn. Does she do stuff like this often?"

"You just have to get to know her. You want to see how far we can push them?" I asked.

"What do you have in mind?"

"Let's just see how far they are willing to go, you okay with that?" 

"Sure, let's do it!" Sam replied.

We set the equipment and headed out to find the girls. I was surprised when we reached the den and they were not there. We did spot a trail of panties headed toward the patio door. As we approached the door we could see Dawn and Olivia sitting in the hot tub under the deck. For the early part of December the temperature was in the upper forties but the steam was rising from the hot tub. When we got outside I noticed Dawn had turned on the big tower heater next to the tub but it was still cool.

"There you all are," Sam said to the girls.

"Shed the clothes and join us, the water is quite comfortable," Olivia said.

It was obvious that the girls had shed their panties and were now completely naked. I looked at Sam and he appeared a little hesitant. I was sure he had the same concern I did, a raging hard-on. To break the ice I started pulling off my sweats before 'it' got to cold.

"If you insist," I said stripping off my clothes.

My cock was standing out at full attention. Olivia looked with eagerness but I didn't get the usual look that women give me when they first see my cock fully erect. I walked over to the hot tub and stepped in and sat down beside Dawn.

"Come on in bashful," Olivia said to Sam.

Slowly Sam pulled off his shirt and began removing his pants. Once he had his pants removed and was standing there in his briefs, I understood why Olivia hadn't reacted. I could see the bulge in his briefs, Sam was hiding a big secret. Sam finely grabbed the top of his briefs and slid them down to his feet, when he stood up I heard Dawn gasp.

Now I have a full 8 inch plus cock and it has a diameter that Dawn can't get her hand around, but Sam was larger. As he walked toward the hot tub I could tell he was as big as I was but thicker. I was wondering how Olivia's petite frame could handle it. As he settled into the hot tub I felt Dawn's hand reach over and grab my cock and squeeze. I saw a quick smile come from Olivia directed at Dawn.

"We forgot the drinks," I sort of fumbled out. "I will get them."

"No, we can get them," Dawn said.

Dawn and Olivia popped up from the water and started climbing up the steps of the hot tub. For the first time I saw Olivia's pussy, it was completely shaved and her dark colored lips were amazing. She looked very hot with a smooth shaven pussy. Dawn would shave herself on and off but never kept it that way to my disappointment.

"What do you two want," Dawn asked as she stood there naked with Sam checking her out.

"Beer is fine." "Me too," we said.

Sam and I each eyed the other wife's ass as they walked away.

"Sam, you have been hiding something."

"I am kind of embarrassed at first but I was glad to see you're as large as I am," Sam said.

"Not quite," I said.

"Close enough. Whenever I undress in front of a new woman for the first time they all say that I am not putting this thing in them," Sam explained.

"I know, I had that problem in college. What about Olivia?"

"The first time we had sex she just looked for a while. But she managed to get most of it in the first time," Sam told me. "But now she takes all of it."

"Have you ever fucked Olivia in the ass," I asked to get a response.

"No...she can't handle it. Wish I could though," Sam said with a bit of disappointment.

"Would Olivia ever let you fuck another woman?"

"Uh...I don't think so James."

I was wondering if he would enjoy fucking Amy in the ass if he got the chance. She had taken all of mine and really enjoyed it.

"Why would you ask?" Sam inquired.

"Just wondering."

"Can you fuck Dawn's ass?" 

"She has tried but it's too much, for now, but she is working on it."

The girls returned carrying the beers. The cool air had done a great job on their nipples, they were standing erect now. The each slipped back into the hot tub and handed us our beer, they each had a beer also.

"Maybe you should have brought hot chocolate Dawn," I said.

"It's not cold out here, I love the cool weather. Are you cold Olivia?"

"No, it feels refreshing!"

"Your nipples say otherwise," I said.

"Well, we can let the two of you stand out in the cool air for a while and see what happens!" Dawn said with a big smile.

"No thanks," Sam replied.

"What's up with the pool," Olivia asked as she sat down in the hot tub.

I explained to her what was going on with the construction.

"That reminds me Dawn, James said talk to you about some ideas I have for the pool while it is being fixed."

"Sure, we can talk tomorrow. Right now I am not interested in talking shop."

Dawn reached back under the water and grabbed my cock and began stroking it to make sure it stayed fully erect.

"Me either," Olivia said as her hand disappeared under the water.

Some small talk continued as we drank our beer but Dawn and Olivia were concentrating more on keeping our cocks fully erect than small talk. As we finished our beers Dawn turned and reached around me just to set her bottle on a table on my other side. She had to stand up to reach it. After setting it down she stood in front of me, water dripping from each of her nipples. She lifted her knees up and placed one on each side of my hips on the seat and slid up and sat slowly down on my lap facing me. As she sat down I felt her pussy lips settle on top of my swollen cock. 

"Olivia, do you two like having sex outdoors?" Dawn asked with her back to them.

"Olivia likes sex anywhere she can get it," I heard Sam say.

"What about your neighbors?" Olivia asked.

"Look around, we don't have any," Dawn told her.

"Great!" Olivia replied.

Dawn reached under one of her breasts and lifted it up and leaned in so that it was at my mouth. I opened wide and sucked all of it I could in. Dawn reached down and found the head of my cock and massaged it as I was sucking her breast. The cool air on Dawn's breast and the hot water and hand on my swollen cock felt wonderful. I heard water stirring as Dawn slipped her hand down a little further and started stroking my cock. I could only assume that Sam and Olivia were getting into some sort of position for their own enjoyment.

I continued switching between each of Dawn's breasts, I could tell she was getting very turned on as it looked like she was planning on fucking in front of someone else. She turned to see what Olivia and Sam were doing. I could see that Olivia had sat on Sam's lap facing us. Sam was reaching around and had a big handful of each of Olivia's breasts. Olivia had one hand between her legs and looked as if she was stroking Sam's cock vigorously while she watched Dawn and I.

Dawn pulled her tit out of my mouth and stood and faced Sam and Olivia and sat back down, taking up the same position as Olivia. I think Dawn wanted to watch more than anything. I reached up with each hand and grabbed a breast. Dawn reached between her legs and began stroking my cock. I could feel her pussy lips sitting on top of my cock. This continued for a long time as we all watched each other. 

I slipped one hand off Dawn's breast and slid it down her stomach and reached between her legs. I slipped a finger between her pussy lips and began to circle her clit slowly. Dawn moaned loudly as I pushed with more pressure. Then I felt Dawn's hand slip from my cock and slide over on top my hand. She then reached further down and I felt her slip several fingers into her pussy.

Dawn started moaning more as her fingers dove in and out between her lips. I could tell Dawn was turned on by what was going on. I continued to circle her clit harder and faster. I reached up with my other hand and found a nipple and began pinching it. As Dawn fingered herself she began to slide her hips back and forth rubbing her pussy lips against my cock. Even in the hot water I could feel the heat of her pussy as she rubbed her hot lips on my cock as she slid her hips back and forth.

I heard Olivia moan all of the sudden. I leaned around so I could see over Dawn's shoulder. Olivia was fingering her pussy like mad as Sam squeezed and twisted each of her nipples. Olivia had her eyes closed and was gritting her teeth as she fingered herself like mad. I looked up at Dawn and watched as she watched Olivia while slipping her pussy back and forth on my cock. I started rubbing her clit as hard and fast as I could. I could see Olivia sliding her hips back and forth also. I figured these two were taking advantage of our size and were each doing the same thing.

Olivia began to moan more and louder. I looked at her face and she looked as if she was straining hard. I wrapped my other hand around Dawn's waist, she was beginning to lose control and was about to slide off my lap and into the hot tub. I looked over at Sam and he had a hand on each side of Olivia's hips and was helping her move back and forth.

"Oh my god!" Came from Olivia.

"Oh yes!" Came from Dawn.

I could feel Dawn's stomach muscles begin to pulse as I held her. I knew it wouldn't be long. Dawn pushed down harder on my cock. Sam had Olivia's hips moving back and forth as fast as he could control her, sliding her lips over his cock. I watched as Olivia's breath began to come in gasp. She continued to finger herself wildly.

"Oh mi dios soy coming," came out of Olivia's mouth.

"S, s, s! Aqu me cum," Olivia said as she came closer and closer to a huge orgasm.

"Sam ms rpido, ms rpido." 

I knew enough Spanish to know she was telling Sam 'faster, faster'.

It seemed that when Olivia got excited everything came out in Spanish.

"Estoy coming ahora, estoy coming. oh Dios mo! Ahhhh!" And Olivia began to jerk and spasm. 

She leaned back into Sam and she thrashed around while trying to continue fingering her pussy. Her hips began to buck up in the air as she groaned.

"Oh god James, that's so hot!" Dawn exclaimed to me.

"Yes she is!" Slipped out of my mouth.

"James finger me harder!" Dawn yelled out.

I leaned Dawn back against me, she had to let go of my cock. I drove two fingers into her slippery pussy and violently ran my fingers over her G-spot so she would have a deep orgasm. Dawn's hips began to buck as I held onto her.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!" Dawn screamed out.

And then with one huge trust of her hips up in the air I felt her pussy tighten on my fingers. Dawn began to buck her hips up and down as she screamed.

"Oh god, I am coming!!" 

I could feel the muscles contracting throughout her body. She thrashed her hips several more times and then sat down hard in my lap.

"Ohhhh god!" Dawn screamed as she reached down and grabbed my hand and pulled it out of her pussy.

I grabbed her hips and held her tightly as she leaned back on me. I could see Olivia pretty much in the same position, she had her legs spread and her dark pussy lips looked great. My cock was throbbing with excitement. I looked over at Sam and he looked back and smiled then looked down at Dawn's exposed pussy.

As our ladies laid back recovering, Sam and I admired pussies. Dawn and Olivia both were rubbing their crotches.

After a minute I grabbed Dawn under each arm and said, "Now it's our turn!!"

"What!?" Dawn responded as I lifted her up to a standing position.

I walked as much as pushed Dawn over toward the side of the hot tub beside Sam and Olivia.

"What are you doing?" Dawn asked.

I pushed her to the edge and then pushed down on her shoulders bending her face forward over the edge of the tub next to Sam. Dawn figured it out and placed her knees up on the seat beside Sam. If Dawn wanted to fuck in front of someone else, I was going to make sure she got it hard.

"You too!" Sam said to Olivia as he lifted her up and turned her around and pushed her down directly beside Dawn.

Sam and I looked at each other then looked to see the two beautiful asses sticking up in the air at us. Sam reached down and grabbed the head of his cock and slipped it up next to Olivia's pussy. I did the same to Dawn but I was really interested in seeing him slip his huge cock into Olivia.

Sam pushed forward and his massive member slowly spread Olivia's lips apart. Inch by inch he slipped into her. I had forgotten about Dawn as I watched. Sam now had about three quarters of his length into Olivia as she moaned. I looked back down at Dawn's ass and began to push inside her. She was wet and slippery from the water and her orgasm. Her pussy was tight as I pushed hard and continued to push.

"Oh god!" Dawn moaned as I pushed further and further into her.

I usually entered her slowly as she stretched to accommodate me but right now I wanted to be buried up in her. I felt my cock reach the end of her un-stretched tunnel. I continued to push.

"Oh god James!" Dawn let out.

I looked over at Sam and he was entering Olivia's pussy as he neared having all of himself in her.

"Oh mi dios Sam, estn presionando demasiado duro!" Olivia shouted.

Sam began to push harder.

"Demasiado duro, muy duro, ralentizar Sam!" Olivia screamed.

My guess was that he was pushing too hard for Olivia also. I pushed all the way in until Dawn's ass was touching my groin. I felt the resistance of her pussy because she was not stretched out yet.

"Oh my god James, slow down!" Dawn screamed.

"You slow down too!" Olivia managed to get out in English.

Almost in unison Sam and I pulled out about half way and began to slide in and out. We had gotten carried away.

"Better!' Dawn said.

"Mucho mejor tambin te agujero del culo," Olivia said to Sam.

Sam laughed at that, I guess he understood her Spanish.

Sam and I both began a slow and steady in and out. The girls appeared to relax. Just looking at these two dark skinned beauties getting their pussies filled with huge cocks was really turning me on. I watched as Sam's huge cock pulled and tugged at Olivia's pussy lips as he went in and out. I saw that Sam was watching me slide in and out of Dawn. Sam and I began to speed up in unison. Dawn's pussy was tight since she had just had an orgasm, it felt good. I was sure that Olivia's pussy was just as tight.

We held on to the ass in front of us and continued to pump, pulling all the way out and then slamming all the way in. The girls would grunt each time we hit bottom. Sam and I looked at each other and smiled as we continued. I was wondering if he wanted in Dawn's pussy as much as I wanted in Olivia's.

"Oh god yes!" Dawn exclaimed.

"Yes!" Olivia said.

We increased the pace, more grunting and moans came from the two girls. The cool air on my body and the hot pussy on my cock was quite a sensation. Dawn and I were always coming out to the hot tub in the winter and usually ended up fucking like this but this time it was an extra turn on. Dawn always enjoyed the feeling of her tits pressed against the cold surface of the patio while I pumped her from behind, and I was enjoying watching Olivia getting impaled.

As Sam and I continued to slam the two girls Sam leaned toward me and whispered. I shook my head yes. I removed my left hand from the grasped I had on Dawn's ass. He leaned over and placed his hand on Dawn's ass cheek and began to rub. I reached over and started rubbing Olivia's ass. I hoped the girls wouldn't look back but they were too busy getting slammed.

I looked down as Sam slid his hand from one ass cheek to the other, grabbing and massaging my wife's ass. I returned the favor and rubbed and squeezed Olivia's ass. Both of the girls were moaning even more now. I whispered quietly to Sam. He looked at me puzzled. I shook my head encouraging him.

While trying to continue his pumping Sam slowly slid his hand to the middle of Dawn's ass. He looked at me again and I nodded. Sam then took his index finger and slowly began to rub and finger Dawn's asshole. Dawn let out a long moan. Dawn's ass was already wet from the water so Sam slowly slipped his finger into her. I watched closely as another man's finger disappeared into my wife's asshole. He began to slowly work it in and out. Dawn began to moan louder. Sam kept sliding his finger in and out of Dawn's asshole for several minutes. Dawn was moaning loudly each time he slid it in. Sam finally pulled his finger out of Dawn and looked at me and nodded. I slid my hand toward Olivia's asshole. I slowly began to probe her tight little asshole with my index finger. Olivia moaned something in Spanish. After working it around at the opening for a minute I began to push it in.

"Oh que feels so good Sam!" Olivia moaned loudly.

I pushed my finger in farther and probed her insides.

"Oh mi dios, usted sabe I gusta eso!" She moaned again.

I slowly began sliding my finger in and out of Olivia's tight ass. The feeling of having my finger in her ass was incredible.

"Oh Dios! Usted se va a hacer me cum Sam!" Came loudly from Olivia.

"I'm going to cum with you!" Sam said.

I slid my finger out of Olivia's asshole and Sam quickly replaced it with two of his, working them vigorously in and out. I moved my hand to Dawn's ass and quickly inserted two fingers in Dawn's asshole, working them in and out.

"Oh my god James!" Dawn said.

Sam and I looked at each other and smiled and begin to slide our fingers in and out harder while we began slamming our cocks in and out.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Dawn yelled as I felt her pussy muscles tighten.

"Ms, ms, mucho ms. Ms duro, ms difcil Sam!" Olivia yelled.

I didn't completely understand her Spanish but I was sure she was about to come.

I pulled my fingers out of Dawn's ass, grabbed each side of her ass and began to pound her as hard and as fast as I could. I could feel my balls ready to explode. Sam did the same thing. Sam and I were lost now in fucking these women as hard as we could.

A mixture of "Estoy coming!" and "I'm coming!" cries were coming from our girls.

I watched as Olivia and Dawn both were jamming their asses back to meet each thrust. More screams from the girls. I felt Dawn's pussy clamp down on my shaft. I began to slowly pull almost all the way out and jam my cock back in as far as it would go. A scream came up from Dawn, I think. Harder and harder I jammed. Dawn was shoving her ass back as hard as she could to meet each of my thrust. Her back arched up and then back down, I could feel her orgasm hit her, I pulled back and jammed once more as hard and deep as I could, Dawn screamed again and I felt myself coming hard in her. I thrust with spasms as each contraction hit my balls. I thought my legs were going to collapse in the hot tub. I continued to pump load after load deep into Dawn. She was making all kinds of sounds. I guess she was as turned on as I was.

As my cock pumped itself dry I slowly began to slip it in and out of Dawn as I felt her jerk over and over. 

"Ahora!" Olivia screamed as she shoved her pussy back hard onto Sam's cock.

Sam threw his head back and let out a yell. He began to shove into Olivia, I was sure he was coming hard in her. Olivia's back was arching up and down, she was having a huge orgasm. After several hard thrust from Sam he began pumping her hard and fast.

"Oh, s!" Screamed Olivia.

Sam threw his head back again and screamed out as he buried his cock into Olivia, jerking as he continued to fill her. Sam jammed her one more time and then fell over on top of her.

I could hear Olivia and Dawn moaning softly. I began rubbing up and down Dawn's back. She turned her head to look at me. I slipped my softening cock out of her and pulled her up to me. She turned and we kissed deeply.

"I need to sit down," I said to Dawn.

--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
We sat down together in the hot tub, my legs were about to collapse. Sam stood back up and pulled Olivia to her feet and the two of them sat down beside us, Olivia's body was touching mine. Dawn leaned over and kissed me deeply again.

"That was incredible," Olivia said to Sam.

Dawn parted from my lips and said, "Yes, it was!"

Dawn and Olivia looked at each other and they began to laugh. Sam and I began to laugh also.

"You two are crazy," Olivia said.

"We try to have a lot of fun around here," Dawn said. 

After a minute, "Sam, have you to ever had sex in front of someone before," Dawn asked.

"Not like this," Sam said.

"It was a real fucking turn on," Olivia replied. "We have to do this again!"

We all sat there in the hot tub and chatted for a while, once Olivia ran her hand down my thigh as we talked.

"James, is there a camera out here?" Olivia asked.

"Sure is," I said. Then my mind snapped. 'Oh Shit!' I thought.

I had spoken too soon. As I looked toward Sam he was looking straight at me. I knew what he was thinking. What would Olivia do when she saw Sam fingering Dawn's ass and me fingering hers? I couldn't back up and say 'Opps', the camera wasn't working' because Dawn would know I was lying and would want to know why. 'Oh shit!' was all I could think. I gave Sam a sort of puzzled looked.

"Oh good! Can we get a copy of what just happened?" Olivia asked.

"Sure, and anything else that happens before you leave," I replied.

Olivia looked at me and smiled. All I could think about now was how Dawn would react.

It was getting late in the day and the air was getting a bit colder. Dawn suggested we go inside and she would start dinner. Olivia offered to help as we all got out of the hot tub. Everyone grabbed a towel and wrapped themselves as we headed inside. Once we were inside where it was a bit warmer we all dried off. Dawn asked if anyone needed a robe. Olivia replied that she didn't if it was okay with Sam. Sam shrugged and said fine, I knew he wanted to look at Dawn.

As Dawn and Olivia headed for the kitchen to start cooking, I asked Sam to come and help me get the fire going in the fireplace. Once we got across the room to the fireplace we looked at each other with the same thought.

"What do you think Olivia will say when she sees the video?" I asked Sam.

"I don't know. She was getting off out there but I don't know how she will feel about me letting you finger her ass," Sam replied. "What about Dawn?"

"I'm not sure either. She has done some wild stuff but I am not sure how she will react," I told him.

"We could tell them the computer fucked up and it didn't record," Sam replied back.

"Dawn would never buy it. Maybe they will just think it is hot and enjoy it."

"I don't know, but it is too late now," Sam said.

We tossed some more wood on the fire and got it going so it would heat up the house.

"It was hot wasn't it James," Sam said as we turned to see what the girls were doing.

"Extremely," I said.

"You don't mind...is it okay if I look at Dawn?

"Sure, as long as I get to look at Olivia."

"You guys want a beer!" Dawn asked us.

"Sure," we said as we walked toward the kitchen.

Dawn and Olivia were working around the kitchen. It appeared that Olivia was going to teach Dawn how to prepare something Mexican, Dawn was excited to learn.

"It will be a while before dinner is ready," Dawn told us. "You two grab a beer and go watch TV or something."

"We'll go work on the video," I told them.

Sam and I headed for the electronics room. I thought it would be a good idea for us to get away from the girls to talk some more.

We had finished the first 4 hour segment of the surprise, we needed to work on the second part. I pretty much had it mixed so all we had to do was add the audio tracks, but we still had to do it in real time. So we were 'forced' to sit through all the others having sex while it recorded.

"Sam, what do you think about adding what just happened to the end of the second part?" I asked. "You think Olivia would care?"

"No, add it, she is an exhibitionist anyway, I won't tell her, she will see it at the party."

"You may get asked to translate the Spanish," I kidded him.

"When she gets really turned on and loses control she starts with the Spanish," Sam replied with a smile. "She must have really been out of control out there."

"You still worried about how Dawn will react?" Sam asked.

"I'm not going to show her the video unless she asks. I think I want to tell her first," I said. "What are you going to do?"

"I think I will just let her see it first. She will be so hot watching, maybe she will like it," Sam said.

"Maybe," I replied.

"By the way, where is Amy?" Sam asked.

"She went to see her family for the weekend," I told him.

"Not because we were coming over was it?" Sam asked.

"No, she didn't go see them at Thanksgiving so she wanted to go see them and her sister."

"How are things working out with her living her?" 

"Pretty good, pretty good," I said whimsically.

"That stunt you all pulled at the Halloween Party was pretty wild...does anything like that go on at home?" Sam asked me with a curious expression.

"Like what?" I replied.

"Does she run around here half naked like Dawn?"

"Well, it's pretty loose here. We told her to make herself feel at home," I said to Sam without looking at him.

"James...do you get any action from Amy when Dawn is not here?" Sam said hesitantly.

"Let me just say that things have changed a lot since she has been living here, but nothing while Dawn is away," I told him. "Would you like to see?"

"Uh...sure," Sam replied.

I switched over to another keyboard and searched for the recording of the first time Dawn, Amy and I got wild. I was real curious how Sam would react when he saw me fucking Amy in the ass. I pulled it up and set it to play on one of the monitors on the desk. There was no harm, it was going to be in the second recording, we just hadn't got to it yet since it was toward the end. Dawn and Amy had already agreed that we couldn't leave it out since everyone else was on the video.

After a few minutes of it went by and Sam saw that we were really going to get it on in the recording he mumble 'damn'. We continued to watch and I continued to monitor the mix.

The video Sam was watching lasted about 45 minutes, I knew the girls must be getting near having dinner ready. The video of Dawn, Amy and I ended.

"Damn James!" Sam said as he turned to look at me.

I noticed he had a huge erection again.

"Pretty hot stuff, huh Sam."

"So Dawn doesn't mind you fucking other women?" He asked.

"Well, at this point it has just been Amy," I told him.

"And Amy let you fuck her in the ass?"

"Yes, I was very surprised."

"How do you feel about Dawn making it with Amy?" Sam asked me.

"What would you think if Olivia wanted to do something like that?" I replied

"I would think it was hot, but I don't think she would do it," Sam said with a look of disappointment on his face.

"I didn't think Dawn would do it either. But, I enjoy it and I know she does. She has only done it with Amy as far as I know," I told Sam.

"Wow," was all Sam said.

"I see you enjoyed it too," I quipped.

"Oh...sorry, I couldn't help it," Sam said as he absent mildly tried to cover his erection.

"Don't worry about, I'm just messing with you," I told him with a laugh.

I could see Sam was lost in deep thought. I knew what he was thinking about.

"It's almost ready you two!" I heard Dawn yell.

"We'll be right there!" I yelled back.

We came to a stopping place on the video and I paused everything. Sam had been deep in thought until Dawn yelled. He snapped out of it and was just staring at the video section I was working on. We got up and went to the kitchen. Dawn and Olivia were finishing up, it smelled great.

"Okay, everybody grab a plate and get what you want," Olivia said.

"It smells great Olivia," I said.

We all grabbed a plate of everything and a beer and headed for the dining room table. After we all sat down, I dug in.

"This is hot!" I said as the first mouthful lit me up.

"You're a pussy James," Olivia said with a laugh.

"James I have some advice for you," Sam said.

"What?" I said as I finished taking a drink of beer.

"You might want to put a napkin in your lap, you don't want to drop any of this on anything important," Sam said smugly.

"Good idea," I said as I covered everything up with a napkin.

Everyone started laughing, we were a good time. We ate and laughed and drank. Dawn and I went through several beers, the food was hotter than we normally ate. We all finished and cleaned off the table.

"Why don't you two go work on the video," Dawn said. "We have some girl talk to discuss."

"Fine, we only need a few more hours and we will be finished and won't have to work on it tomorrow," I said.

"Good, that will give us plenty of time tomorrow to have some more fun," Dawn said with a big smile.

Sam and I grabbed another beer and headed toward the video room. We saw Dawn and Olivia plop down on the big sofa in front of the fireplace as we went down the hall. I mentioned to Sam that I hoped we could finish tonight. It was about 6:30, I felt like we had enough time.

Time passed as we worked. After we got past the last parts, I added the video that Sam had just seen with Dawn and Amy, then we added the video from today. We both watched it again then added what had just happened with all of us.

"Cool! Olivia will definitely get a big surprise when she sees it at the party," Sam said.

"Sam do you think this will be too much for everyone? You think anyone will get pissed?" 

"I don't think so, everyone seems pretty cool and open from what I saw at the Halloween party," Sam replied.

"I hope so, Dawn and I have big plans for the party."

"Like what?" He asked enthusiastically.

"You will just have to wait and see," I said with a big smile.

Truth was Dawn and I still hadn't decided on how far we were going to push things. We had some great ideas but we had decided it would depend on how everyone reacted to the movies.

"Thank god that is finished," I said to Sam as we finished everything up. "All I have to do now is copy a bunch DVD's for everyone and burn a DVD for you and Olivia. You were a big help Sam."

"Enjoyed the hell out of it, anytime," Sam replied.

I finished burning the day's events to a DVD for Sam.

"Let's go see what the girls are doing," I said.

It was about 9:30, I hadn't realized how long we had been at it but the second half was longer than I planned since we added stuff to it. We walked down the hall toward the big room, we heard the girls giggling as we entered.

"Are you finished?!" Dawn turned and asked.

"Yep, it is all done except for the copying part," I told her.

"Great, now you won't be working on it all the time," Dawn said.

We walked around the front of the sofa, Dawn and Olivia scooted together in the middle, Sam and I sat on each side.

"So what have you two girls been talking about for so long," I asked.

"Oh, just girl talk," Dawn said.

"For three hours?" I asked.

"We had a lot to talk about," Olivia said with a big smile.

"We are glad you two are here, Olivia wants to watch the demonstration video for the tantra chair," Dawn said.

"Yes, I can't see how those things would be any fun," Olivia said.

"You don't do you," I replied.

"Okay with you Sam?" Dawn asked.

"Sure," Sam replied.

Dawn poked at the remote. She started the video which was about 30 minutes long, turned down the lights and we all sat back. No matter how many times I watched this it was still a turn on. The video came on, there was no dialogue, it opened with a hot blonde and a guy slowly having sex on the chair. We sat in silence as we watched.

After about 15 minutes I glanced over at Sam and Olivia. I could tell Sam was enjoying the video and from the look on his face and having some great ideas too. Olivia had slipped a hand down and was slowly rubbing Sam's growing erection. I also watched as Dawn looked over. I think Dawn was actually enjoying looking at Sam's cock more than anything. Before the video finished Olivia was doing a pretty good job of rubbing Sam's cock while watching the video, then the video ended.

"I see now," Olivia said as Dawn turned the lights back up.

Olivia turned to face Sam, "I want to try!"

"Every bedroom has one in it now," Dawn said.

"I want to try now!" Olivia said.

"Well, there is one over there if you two would like us to watch." I said to them.

"Not this time, okay!" Olivia replied.

"Well, let's go to bed, it's getting late," Dawn said to Olivia.

I think Dawn wanted to get to bed and wasn't interested in Olivia and Sam doing it now in front of us.

"Okay, let's go," Olivia said as she stood and pulled Sam up.

"You guys want a room upstairs or downstairs," I asked.

"Upstairs!" Olivia said as her and Sam headed toward the stairs.

We all went up the stairs, I let Olivia lead the way. I was watching her ass on the way up, it was tight and perfect. I led them to the bedroom beside ours. As Olivia ran and jumped on the bed I whispered to Sam in low voice.

"You know how to operate the remote and everything."

"Sure," Sam said.

"Good night!" Dawn yelled from the hall.

I walked out of their room and down to our bedroom.

"Do you think Sam will leave the cameras on?" Dawn asked with excitement. 

"I don't know. Are you wanting to watch?"

"Yes!" Dawn said as she jumped on the bed.

"Now you are the perv!" I said to her as I picked up the controller and lay beside her on the bed.

"Turn it on," Dawn said.

I turned on the TV and pulled up the camera in their room. For now it was turned on. Olivia and Sam were making out on the bed. After a few minutes Olivia got up and went over and sat on top the high end of the chair and motioned for Sam to come over. Sam went over and stood. Olivia spread her legs apart and began rubbing her pussy. She was wanting, needing Sam to get down between her legs and eat her pussy. Sam did just that.

We watched for a long time as Olivia and Sam went through several of the different positions. We could plainly see Sam sliding his massive cock in and out of Olivia at times, Dawn seemed fascinated with it. While he had Olivia bent over one end of the chair we watched as he worked several fingers in and out of Olivia's ass, she seemed to like it, I knew Sam was thinking about me sticking my cock up Amy's ass.

"You seem very interested in Sam's big cock Dawn."

"Oh...I just find it hot. I have always wanted to see your big cock sliding in and out of me as we fucked. Seeing Sam makes me think of us. I have never seen anyone else as big as you, except in the porn movies."

"Is that all you are thinking about? You get to watch my cock slide in and out of Amy." I asked.

"What do you mean?" Dawn looked at me and asked.

"Are you thinking about it sliding in and out of you?" 

There was a pause, too long of a pause.

"No honey. I just think it is hot seeing another woman getting speared like I get it. Most of the other guys we know only have an average size cock, that's all," she said looking at me.

I looked back at the TV. Sam had Olivia bent over and was slowly sawing in and out of her pussy. We could hear all the moans and groans coming from the TV. Olivia had already been rocked with several orgasms and now it looked like Sam was going to get his.

"He is about to fill her up," Dawn said as she sat up to watch.

Sam had begun pounding away at Olivia. After a few more minutes we watched as the two of them convulsed in huge orgasms. After Sam pulled out of Olivia she turned and got down on her knees and sucked Sam into her mouth and sucked the last drops of cum from him. I turned off the TV. Dawn fell back on the bed beside me.

"We are lucky to have such good friends," Dawn said as she reached over and grabbed my erect cock.

"It has been an interesting day for sure," I said.

Dawn rolled over and began sucking my cock. In a few minutes she was demonstrating her new abilities at deep throating me. She had really gotten much better at it since the first time. I pulled her ass around and she straddled my face. We continued in a 69 for a long time. Dawn enjoyed me going down on her so much sometimes we just finished off this way, this was going to be one of them.

While I had a mouth full of pussy I slipped a hand up and slid first one finger in her ass and then two. Amy had advised me to keep pushing Dawn's limits if I ever wanted to fuck her in the ass. Dawn had been getting more and more turned on by it as I had pushed for more. Dawn came in a huge orgasm eventually, squirting her juices all over me. After a minute I came and filled her mouth full. She sucked every last drop out of me and rolled over on her back.

"That was good!" Dawn said.

"Yes it was. You seem pretty hot and horny," I replied to her.

"Well, that helped relieve it!"

"You know Sam and Olivia could have been watching. Sam knows how to run the remote," I told her.

Dawn rolled over and looked at me smiling and said, "I forgot, but I don't care."

"Too bad they didn't get to see you squirt cum everywhere," I teased.

"Well maybe they will get the chance tomorrow," she said with a big smile.

"Let's get some sleep," I said as Dawn turned around on the bed and pulled up the sheet.

+++++++++++

"Get up sleepy head and help me fix breakfast!" I heard as Dawn was pulling on my arm the next morning.

"Can I take a shower?" I asked.

"Yes, just hurry up, I already showered."

As I got my eyes opened and focused I could see Dawn's long black hair was still wet from her shower. She had slipped on a red silk robe this morning, not fastened, but she had a robe on at least. I got up and headed for the shower. When I returned, Dawn had already gone downstairs. I grabbed one of my silk robes from the closet and went down after her. As I walked out of the bedroom I could hear the shower running in the other bedroom.

Dawn had already started cooking.

"Help me get the table set please," she asked.

I grabbed the plates and everything and set the table. When I returned she had everything cooking. I heard Sam and Olivia walk up behind us.

"Good morning," Olivia said.

"Good morning," I replied, even though it was about 9:00.

"Did you all sleep well," Dawn asked over her shoulder.

"Very much," Olivia answered with a smile.

I looked at Olivia as she had left the front of her robe untied also. I was fascinated by her dark lips on her pussy and her dark areolas.

"Did you two figure out how to use the chair," Dawn said as she turned to look.

"Oh, yes," Olivia replied. "We want to get one."

I told Sam how to find them on the internet and how much they cost and everything. Olivia seemed very happy at the prospects of getting one.

Dawn and Olivia carried all the food to the table while I got the coffee and juice. We all sat down and began breakfast.

"Did you enjoy the show last night," Olivia chimed in.

"What show?" I asked.

"Sam said you were probably watching us," Olivia said with a smile.

"Oh, you didn't mind did you?" I asked hesitantly.

"No, Sam said he could turn off the cameras if I wanted, but I said no," Olivia replied.

"Did you two enjoy the show?" Dawn asked with a smile.

"Oh...I...yes," Sam stuttered.

"Not much of a show," Olivia said with a laugh.

"We'll try better today!" Dawn said to Olivia as she laughed.

We finished eating while we chatted and laughed. We all cleared the table and sat down to have coffee.

"Oh Dawn. I need to talk to you about the ideas for the pool." Sam said. 

"Okay, let's grab a coat and go outside," Dawn replied.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Dawn and Sam went to the closet and grabbed a couple of long coats, it was a little too chilly to be standing outside in just a robe. Then they went outside to the pool. I could see Sam pointing and talking to Dawn.

"Let's move to the sofa Olivia," I said.

"Okay."

We got up and moved to the sofa. I tossed some wood in the fireplace and started a fire.

"I love the house," Olivia said as I walked over and sat on the sofa with her.

"Thanks, Sam had a lot to do with helping us get some of the things we wanted," I told her.

"It is very big," Olivia said.

"Well, Dawn and I spent a long time designing it and building it," I told her.

"It is a lot of house just for the two of you isn't it?" Olivia asked.

"Well yes, but we have plans for it and we look at it as an investment," I told her as she sipped her coffee.

"A very big investment," she said.

"Olivia, did Sam tell you how we could afford to build it?"

"He only said you had come into some money a few years ago."

I explained to her where the money had come from and how we had invested it and spent a lot of it on our families. She was surprised because Sam hadn't told her all of that, I guess he felt like he wasn't supposed to tell.

"Okay, I understand now. I am glad you two had such luck and have used the money wisely," Olivia said.

"Are you looking forward to the New Year's Eve party," I asked to change the subject.

"Oh, yes. Dawn and I were talking about it."

"Did she tell you much?" I asked curiously.

"A little. She wants me to help her plan some things."

"Good. I think you and Sam will have a good time," I responded.

"So James, did you enjoy having your finger in my ass?" Olivia said as I choked on my coffee.

"He told you?"

"Yes."

"Are you pissed," I asked carefully.

"At first, but I told him I really enjoyed it anyway."

"I hope we didn't push things too far."

"No, I was just surprised that Sam let you do that. I haven't been touched by another man since we met. What did Dawn think about it?"

"Uh...I haven't told her yet."

"You better tell her."

"I know."

"I don't think she will mind that Sam fingered her ass," Olivia said.

"I don't know, I got a little carried away in the moment," I told her.

"Have you let another man touch her before?" Olivia asked.

"No."

"I think she would enjoy it," Olivia said.

"What do you mean?" 

"I just think what is good for you should be good for her."

"What did you two talk about yesterday?" I asked a little pissed now.

"Well, I saw you two with Amy at the party so I asked Dawn about it. She told me that all of you had sex all the time."

"Really, she told you that?"

"Well some of it," Olivia said.

"What do you think about it?"

"I think if you are having a good time and everyone is okay with it, it's okay," Olivia replied. "But, I think if you get to have sex with Amy you should let Dawn have sex with another man, don't you?"

I wasn't sure where to go with this conversation. I thought Olivia was pretty open and there was more to her than she let on. I decided to turn the tables to see if I could get out of this.

"Would Sam let you have sex with another man if you wanted?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said.

"Would he let you have sex with another woman?" There, that was out of the bag.

"Oh, I think he would enjoy watching that," Olivia replied with a smile.

"Really!"

We smiled at each other and finished our coffee. I asked Olivia if she wanted another cup, she said no, it made her have to pee. Then we laughed nervously.

"Olivia, please don't say anything to Dawn about me fingering your ass."

"Okay, but you better tell her."

Dawn and Sam came back in.

"Burr, it's cold out there," Dawn said as she took off her coat and walked over and stood in front of the fire.

"So, what is the decision on the pool," I asked.

"You are going to have to wait and see, it will be your Christmas present," Dawn said as she pulled up the back of her robe to warm her ass.

"Always selling," Olivia said looking at Sam as he walked over to the fire.

"What did you two talk about while we were outside," Dawn asked.

"Girl talk," I said looking squarely at Dawn.

A look of concern came over Dawn's face as I watched her. 

"Dawn said the pool is heated," Sam said.

"Yes it is," I said as I broke my look from Dawn. "It should be ready in time for me to fill and get it heated for the party."

"I will call the contractor tomorrow if you don't mind. I should be able to do what Dawn wants without slowing them down." 

"Good, because I need it finished at least a week before the party, it takes two days to fill and three days to get the temperature up," I told him.

"Can't wait," Sam said.

I got Dawn and Sam a fresh cup of hot coffee to help warm them up. When I returned, they had sat down on the sofa. I handed them their coffee.

"If you two are still cold there is a sauna downstairs," I told them.

"There is a downstairs?" Olivia asked.

"Yes," Dawn said. "Come on, I will give you the tour."

Dawn stood and pulled Olivia up then they headed toward the doors going downstairs. As Dawn opened the doors and headed down the stairs I asked Sam what the plans for the pool were.

"Dawn said I can't tell, but you will get a kick out of it. I will have my crew over once I talk with the contractor. We are not doing much now."

"Glad I can keep everyone employed," I said to Sam with a smile.

"You told Olivia about yesterday," I said to him.

"She told you?"

"Yes she did."

"What else did you and Olivia talk about?" Sam asked.

"A few things."

"Like what?" 

"Oh, just a few interesting things. She told me I better tell Dawn."

"You haven't told her yet?"

"No, I think I will wait until the next time she is really hot and horny to tell her."

"What did you say to Olivia when she told you."

"I told her I enjoyed it very much and we would have to do it again sometime," I added to see what Sam said.

"Really," Sam replied.

"Yes, she said she was looking forward to it."

"Really."

"Yes."

I figured that would be a little pay back for telling Olivia while she was still here and maybe a little set up for other things to come.

"Let's go double check the movie," I said.

Sam and I returned to the video room, we were in there about an hour, I wanted to watch Sam and I fucking the girls again.

"You know, you will have to split all this up into at least four DVD's don't you," Sam said.

"I guess I can get the first part on two and the second part on two if I don't add anymore."

"Should fit. I'm glad I put a high speed duplicator in your computer or you would be here forever making copies," Sam said.

"Me too."

We returned to the big room, Dawn and Olivia were sitting close on the sofa in front of the fire.

"It's finished now," I said to interrupt their chat.

"Oh, good. Can we watch it?" Dawn asked.

"Let's wait for the surprise at the party," I said.

"Olivia hasn't seen all of it. I want to show her part of it please," Dawn asked.

"If you want to, okay"

Dawn picked up the remote and scooted up against Olivia. I took that as my cue to sit down next to Dawn. Sam followed and sat down beside Olivia. Dawn had accessed the computer with the remote. She was scrolling through the files. I had made each segment of the video a different file and they all had names. I watched as Dawn selected the segment with the two couples outside. I knew that Sam and Olivia had started watching this in the video room but I am not sure how much of it they saw. I had a feeling I knew where this was going. 

"Let's get some drinks for them first Dawn," I said, hoping Dawn would follow me to the bar.

"Good idea," Dawn said as I got up.

Dawn asked Sam and Olivia what they wanted from the bar, no surprise, Olivia was Tequila on the rocks drinker and it sounded like she had converted Sam. When I got to the bar I pulled Dawn close and whispered to her.

"What are your plans?"

"Let's see where this goes," Dawn whispered.

"Are you planning on doing Olivia?"

"Maybe. Do you mind?" 

"No. but I just wanted to let you know that I think there is more to Olivia than we see." 

"If she lets me, I'll do her, but you don't get to fuck her, she already has a big cock," Dawn told me.

I kissed her and grabbed a bottle of Casa Dragones, picked up four glasses and filled the ice bucket. We walked back to the sofa, handed out the glasses and sat back down. I opened the bottle and poured the Tequila.

"Muchas gracias!" Olivia said. "The good stuff."

"You are very welcome," I said to Olivia as I finished pouring the drinks.

Dawn pushed the buttons and the video came up on the big screen over the fireplace. The way this segment went, it started with the each couple sitting together on loungers next to each other. As it started, they all still had their bathing suits on. The video started about the time one of the guys slipped off his wife's top while they were kissing. As we watched, the other couple looked on as the first guy began sucking on his wife's tits. Then soon followed by him removing his wife's top and later them swapping wives. Dawn and I had watched this several times and I knew Sam had seen it and knew how it ended up.

As more clothes came off and the scene turned to the two guys trying to outdo each other while they had their faces buried up in pussy, I noticed Dawn watching Sam's robe as a tent began to rise under it. Olivia's hand had slipped down to her crotch and she was slowly rubbing, working toward her pussy. Olivia was sipping the expensive Tequila with vigor.

As the scene on the TV changed to where the women had swapped husbands, the two women were hanging on for all they were worth. I watched as Dawn continued to watch Sam's huge cock swell. I reached over and pulled at the opening of Dawn's robe, it broke her attention. She pulled it open so I could slip a hand in and fondle her breasts. Olivia parted her robe and moved her hand directly to her pussy. Sam looked down and then reached up and grabbed one of Olivia's breasts. As the action continued on the TV, I watched as Olivia's breathing got heavier. The two women on the screen were starting to moan and groan as they continued to get pounded.

I watched Dawn place a hand on Olivia's leg, Olivia seemed not to notice. After the two guys on the screen had pumped the other's wife full of cum, the two women sucked them clean. One of the women got up and moved to the other woman. She slowly moved her way down until she was between the other's legs. This continued until the two women were in a full 69, sucking cum from each other's pussies. I watched as Olivia began to finger her clit. Sam was more interested in the TV than what his fiance was doing. Dawn began sliding her hand up and down Olivia's leg, touching Olivia's hand each time she moved up. Olivia noticed now. Olivia turned her head to look at Dawn and met her eyes.

I watched as Dawn slid her hand up and under Olivia's, replacing Olivia's fingers with hers. Dawn reached down further and began rubbing Olivia's clit. As Dawn and Olivia kept their eyes locked, Dawn slowly leaned toward Olivia, their lips met and they kissed deeply. I looked up and saw Sam watching with his mouth hanging open. I had to smile a little, remembering the first time I saw Dawn do this.

Olivia turned and reached up with her other hand and placed it on Dawn's breast. I was sure now that Olivia had done this before. Sam appeared shocked that Olivia had capitulated so fast. Dawn moved her hand down more and began to probe Olivia's pussy as Sam and I watched for a few minutes. Dawn removed her lips from Olivia's. She reached for the hand on her breasts and stood up and guided Olivia to the soft rug in front of the fireplace. Olivia laid down on the rug on her back. Looking at the two of them with the fire light highlighting their skin was incredible, it looked as if Sam and I were going to get a show.

Dawn sat down beside Olivia and leaned over and began sucking Olivia's nipples. Olivia began rubbing Dawn's back. The look on Sam's face was priceless. Dawn moved to where she was straddling Olivia's thighs as she continued to suck on Olivia's nipples. After several minutes we watched as Dawn began to kiss her way down Olivia's belly. When Dawn's lips and tongue reached Olivia's shaved mons, Dawn spent a lot of time licking and kissing the smooth skin. Slowly Dawn moved down to the top of Olivia's pussy lips and began kissing and licking.

"Oh yes," Olivia whispered.

Olivia reached up and began to massage her own breasts. Dawn moved so that her legs where in between Olivia's. As Dawn began to tongue deeper between Olivia's lips she moved to her clit and began flicking it with her tongue. Olivia's moans became louder. I could also hear the ladies on the TV moaning quite loudly, it only added to the atmosphere. Dawn slipped on down between Olivia's thighs and leaned over and began to eat Olivia's pussy. Olivia was mumbling in Spanish again as she twisted her nipples. 

Dawn reached under Olivia's knees and raised them and spread her legs so she could get to her pussy better. The sight of Olivia's shaven pussy and the darker natural coloration of her labia were really getting me turned on. Dawn seemed to be enjoying it too. She was furiously sucking and licking Olivia's pussy, driving her tongue in as deep as she could. Olivia reached down with both hands and placed them on the back of Dawn's head and tried to pull her in deeper, when she did Dawn placed her mouth directly over Olivia's clit and began to suck hard. Olivia let out a loud moan and began to twist her head from side to side.

Sam had begun to unconsciously stroke his cock slowly. Olivia had begun trying to thrust her hips up against Dawn's mouth. Dawn slipped her hand around to Olivia's pussy and slowly inserted two fingers into her slippery hole. Olivia moaned loudly again. Dawn began to slide her two fingers in and out of her slick hole. Olivia's hips her thrusting harder up into Dawn's mouth. Dawn kept this up for some time. Sam and I watched as Dawn removed her mouth from Olivia and raised her head up. She then slipped her fingers out of Olivia and reinserted three fingers into her and pressed her thumb up against Olivia's clit. I think Dawn did this so Sam and I could get a good look.

"Oh my god Dawn!" Olivia managed to get out between her cries in Spanish.

I could see as Dawn worked her fingers in and out of Olivia's pussy. I watched as she would shove her fingers in deep and then held them as she was rubbing Olivia's G-spot. Every time she did this Olivia would thrash her head from side to side. When I saw Olivia's stomach muscle begin to tighten and relax, I knew it wouldn't be long before Dawn pushed her over the edge.

I was sure Dawn felt Olivia's orgasm building because she had begun to move her fingers quickly in and out of Olivia's pussy. With several thrust of her hips Olivia came hard, I could see the wetness of her juices running out of her. With one finally thrust up Olivia screamed. When her ass landed back on the rug Dawn removed her fingers and quickly planted her mouth on Olivia's pussy again. Olivia pushed her hips up again as she screamed once more. Olivia was being overcome with wave after wave of orgasmic muscle contractions. Dawn continued to torture Olivia as she screamed out things in Spanish. I looked on as Sam had begun to stroke his cock a little quicker.

"No puedo aguantar ms! Motivos de parada, no puedo aguantar ms!" Olivia screamed.

"What did she say?" I asked Sam.

"Stop, she can't take anymore!" 

"No ms!" Came from Olivia as she jerked.

"Dawn!" I yelled.

She stopped and turned her head to look at me.

"She can't take anymore."

Dawn looked as if she was out into a far off world. Her face was covered with Olivia's juices and the look in her eyes was full of lust. She looked up at Olivia, she was mumbling in Spanish again as she lay on the floor with her head turned to one side. Every few seconds Olivia's body would twitch. Dawn reached up with her hands and gently began rubbing Olivia's stomach. Dawn slowly rose up and leaned forward as she moved her hands up between Olivia's breasts. She moved farther up and took Olivia's face in her hands and placed her lips onto Olivia's and kissed her deeply. Olivia reached behind Dawn's head and pulled her tighter to her lips. Sam and I watched as they tongued each other, Olivia tasting her juices from Dawn's mouth.

"Oh my god Dawn!" Olivia said as their lips parted. "That was mucho incredible!"

Dawn kissed her on the lips again quickly.

"Your turn now!" Olivia said.

Olivia rolled Dawn onto her back near us and then rolled on top of her. Olivia continued to kiss Dawn deeply on the mouth. Then as Dawn had done she slowly worked her way down to her breasts. Olivia spent a long time kissing, sucking and licking each of Dawn's breast and nipples. I watched as the expression on Dawn's face turned to bliss. Olivia worked her way down Dawn's stomach until she reached the top of Dawn's small bush. She licked and kissed around it and then licked her way down toward Dawn's inner thigh then she used her hands to bring Dawn's knees up and spread her legs wide. She moved her lips down to Dawn's inner thighs and licked and kissed near the edge of Dawn's pussy lips.

I looked over at Sam, he had stopped stroking his cock and was now just staring as his fiance began to eat another woman's pussy.

I looked back and saw Olivia sucking on just one of Dawn's lips. She pulled it out with her lips as she sucked it into her mouth. Dawn moaned as she did. Olivia slowly worked her way up and down each of Dawn's swelling lips. I could see that Dawn was already wet and growing wetter. Olivia continued to slowly and lovingly administer to Dawn's pussy. I was wondering if Sam had realized that his fiance was not new to this.

"It appears Olivia knows what she is doing," I whispered to Sam.

"Apparently," he replied. "I never knew."

"Sam, this could end up leading to a lot more if you let it," I said.

"Uh huh," was all Sam said as he watched.

Olivia had begun to alternate between sucking on Dawn's clit and tonguing it and her pussy. Dawn's moans were rising. As Olivia continued to suck on Dawn's pussy and drive her tongue in and out I couldn't help but watch the expressions on Sam's face. He seemed to alternate between lust and amazement. Sam was getting his fantasy fulfilled. 

I could tell from the contortions on Dawn's face that she was trying to hold on, letting her orgasm build. She was biting her lower lip as she tried. After Olivia had Dawn's juices flowing, she removed her lips from Dawn's pussy and as Dawn had done slipped a couple of fingers inside her. Olivia's hands were much smaller than Dawn's so after she had been fingering her for a few minutes I watched as Olivia slipped all four of the fingers on her hand into Dawn, stretching her open. I knew Dawn enjoyed having her pussy stretched like this. Faster and faster Olivia worked Dawn. 

Sam and I watched as Olivia pressed harder and then worked her fist into Dawn's pussy.

"Oh my god!!" Came from Dawn.

I watched as Olivia twisted and turned her small fist inside of Dawn. This was something totally new for Dawn, and she was really enjoying it.

Suddenly, Dawn brought her knees up and grabbed one with each hand and pulled her legs up as far as she could. I watched amazed as Olivia slipped all of her small hand in and out of Dawn's pussy, fisting her hard. Dawn started moaning very loud as Olivia continued to drive her hand in and out. I could tell Dawn was struggling to hold on, I knew she was letting it build to a huge climax and I knew why.

"Oh, oh, oh!" Dawn began to cry out.

Olivia twisted her fist around inside of Dawn then worked it around. Dawn was squirming hard. Olivia pulled her fist out of Dawn then leaned down and placed her mouth over Dawn's pussy and worked on her more Dawn's stomach muscles were beginning to rise up and down, I knew she was about to explode. The grimace on Dawn's face grew as she held on. She was groaning wildly.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Watch," I said to Sam.

Dawn's hips bucked several times.

"Oh my god! I'm coming!!" Dawn screamed.

With that Dawn began to come hard. I watched as Olivia pulled her mouth off Dawn's pussy and watched as she began squirting. The first shot went straight up and onto Olivia's face, the second all over her tits. Dawn continued to convulse and squirt. Olivia had stopped to watch. Three or four squirts later, Dawn collapsed, her legs laying out spread open.

"Son of bitch," Sam said. "I have never seen that!"

Olivia immediately leaned down and began licking all the juice from Dawn's pussy. Dawn cried out each time Olivia ran her tongue across her pussy. Once Olivia had licked Dawn clean, she took her hands and smeared the juices that were on Dawn's belly.

"Incredible Dawn!" Olivia said.

"Oh Olivia, that was great!" Dawn replied.

Olivia and Dawn turned to look at Sam and me. Olivia pushed herself up and got on her knees.

"Come here Sam!" She said.

Dawn also got up on her knees next to Olivia, leaning into her and said, "You too!"

Sam slowly stood up, Olivia reached out and grabbed his hand and pulled him toward her. With her other hand she reached up and grabbed Sam's erection. Olivia pulled him to her mouth. I watched as Olivia placed her mouth over the end of Sam's erection and began working his cock with the other hand.

"Come here James!" Dawn said.

I moved as Dawn grabbed my erection and pulled me to her. She did as Olivia had done, she opened her mouth and I pushed my cock in.

"Ummmm!" I felt Dawn let out.

Sam and I watched as heads bobbed up and down on our cocks. I knew I wasn't going to last long after what I had just seen. Almost in unison, Dawn and Olivia started stroking hard on our cocks as they sucked harder and harder.

After a few minutes, Sam began to try and thrust his cock in and out of Olivia's mouth. I knew he must have really been turned on, he was going to come fast. Olivia met each of his thrust as Sam's cock slid in as far as he could go and then back out.

"Ahhhhh!" Sam groaned.

Olivia must have known Sam was about to cum. She pulled her mouth off his cock and continued to pump hard and fast.

"I'm coming!" Sam screamed.

And with that the first shot of white goo came flying out of the end of Sam's cock and hit Olivia right in the face. She pulled Sam's cock down and shot the next load down on to her breasts. Then she pumped faster as she pointed Sam's cock toward Dawn's head. Dawn had stopped with my cock in her mouth to watch as Sam came on Olivia. The next two shots of cum landed on Dawn's face.

Olivia was looking at Dawn as she sprayed her with Sam's cum. Dawn returned to pumping my cock with her mouth still on it. I looked down as Dawn removed her hand from my cock and reached around with both hands and grabbed my ass. I knew she was going to show off. 

Dawn pulled my ass toward her slowly as my cock slid deeper and deeper into her mouth. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Sam watching Dawn. Dawn adjusted herself a little and then pulled my ass all the way forward. I felt my cock slip down her throat as her nose pressed up against my groin. She held me down her throat for a long time. Then she pulled back to get some air, slid her mouth up and down a few times and then swallowed all of me again. I could feel my cum rising. Dawn began to slide up and down on my cock letting me drive every inch down her throat each time. The sensation was incredible and I was about to explode.

"Now Dawn!" I exclaimed. 

Dawn grasped the base of my cock tight, holding the cum in. She pulled her mouth off and released her hold and I shot a huge load of cum right onto her lips. She opened her mouth and aimed my cock so that the second shot went down her throat. Then she did as Olivia had done and pointed my cock toward Olivia. The next slot landed on the side of Olivia's neck. Dawn adjusted her aim and to my amazement, Olivia leaned forward so her mouth was open toward my cock. With Dawn's perfect aim, my next shot landed on the end of Olivia's outstretched tongue. The last shot landed on her chin.

I groaned deeply. Sam and I looked down at our cum covered girls still grasping our cocks amazed. Dawn released the hold on my cock and I fell back onto the sofa, Sam did the same thing. We watched as Dawn took a finger and wiped the cum off her face and stuck it in her mouth. Olivia reached up and used her finger to wipe the remainder of cum from Dawn's face and then sucked her finger into her mouth, pulling it back out clean. For the next several minutes we watched as Dawn and Olivia wiped and licked each other clean of all the cum.

When Dawn stood up, she walked toward the sofa then she place a knee on either side of my hips and straddled me and sat down. She leaned forward and began kissing me passionately. I felt Olivia settle on the sofa, I assumed in the same position. I had expected my erection to soften but watching Dawn and Olivia clean cum from each other had kept it mostly hard. As our tongues probed each other's mouth, I could taste a mingle of unfamiliar taste. The thought of Dawn eating another man's cum was big turn on.

Dawn had begun to move her hips so that her wet pussy lips were sliding over my returning erection. I had a feeling this was going to be one of those times Dawn just wanted to fuck my huge shaft. I was hoping Sam was having the same response.

I looked over at Olivia and she had raised herself up on her knees and had pulled Sam's head to her breast so he could lick Dawn's juices from her tits. Sam took a long time licking every inch of Olivia's breasts and chest, then she pulled his lips to hers and kissed him very hard. Olivia then lowered her hips down on top of Sam's cock and worked them around for a while until he was fully erect again.

After several more minutes, Dawn had achieved what she wanted, my cock had become fully erect and stiff. I lifted her hips, reached down and grabbed my cock and placed it at her opening. Dawn then slowly lowered herself down, inching my cock into her swollen pussy. When my cock reached bottom, Dawn paused, then worked her pussy up and down my shaft slowly as I stretched her out. Once Dawn was satisfied she was well stretched she sat down all the way on my cock. I felt her hot pussy lips on the base on my cock. She pulled my head against her breasts and sat this way for a long time. I knew what she wanted.

With my head turned, lying on Dawn's breasts, I could see that Olivia had worked her way down on to Sam's cock. She was slowly working her hips back and forth. As Dawn held me tight, she began her familiar slow motions when she was in this mood. She began to work her hips back and forth slowly in such a way that I could feel her cervix sliding slowly along the side of the head of my cock. This was always the sensation Dawn wanted when she just wanted to fuck me. I reached up and wrapped my arms around her waist, I knew that was all she wanted.

Sam was taking a more aggressive approach with Olivia. As Olivia's hips moved I watched as Sam slipped a hand between them and began to finger Olivia's clit. Olivia moaned and continued to move her hips. Olivia was sitting up and leaning back a little as she held onto to Sam's shoulders. Sam was getting a good fuck, but I always enjoyed just having Dawn hold me when she did this. This was something special Dawn enjoyed from time to time, depending on her mood and usually when she was very horny.

As Dawn very slowly worked her pussy ever so slightly up and down on my cock, I watched as Olivia began to move faster and faster. I was sure Olivia was in for a long fuck, knowing Sam had just had a huge orgasm. Sam worked Olivia's clit harder and harder, Olivia was moaning and grunting as she humped Sam. Dawn continued to hold me, she was not looking at Sam and Olivia. Dawn stopped working her hips and just settled on me and sat. I could hear a sound in my ear coming from Dawn that always sounded like the deep purr of a cat. I never had figured out how she made this sound but I knew she was in heaven, just where she wanted to be.

I closed my eyes and listened to Dawn as she continued to move in the slow ways she wanted. The sensation of her pussy ever so gently slipping up and down my shaft easily and the heat of her insides was always incredible. Dawn would pause every few minutes and just sit and squeeze my cock with her pussy muscles over and over. It was always harder for me to hold on when she was doing this than when I was pounding away at her, she could go own this way for an hour or more. A feeling of pleasing my wife as only she desired was such a deep sensation and pleasure. Time passed slowly as she held me. In the background, I could her Olivia groaning and moaning, I could hear her wet pussy slapping up against Sam. She was nearing her orgasm, I didn't know about Sam and didn't care.

Dawn continued to stop and start her slow rhythm as she pleased herself. I was concentrating on the sensation when I heard Olivia and Sam both start screaming 'I'm coming'. I could feel the sofa rock with their thrust. Dawn never changed her motions; she was probably oblivious to what was going on as she continued to purr softly. Sam and Olivia groaned loudly again as I felt the sofa move with the thrust of their orgasms. I slid my hands up and wrapped them around Dawn's back and held her lightly. A couple of 'Oh my's!' came from Olivia and Sam, then the room grew quiet for a long time.

I had my head lying on Dawn's chest as she held me, she had begun to sweat slightly as she moved gently. More time went by in the quietness. Dawn had begun a more deliberate but slow motion with her hips, moving back and forth so that I slowly slid into her. She continued to hold my head tight against her breasts. More time went by then she increased her tempo ever so gently, her purr had grown louder, I knew she was slowly building to what she wanted. Dawn continued moving slowly, I could feel her pussy swelling around my cock and her juices flowing out. I was always amazed when she did this, that she could reach her point of no return by moving gently, without thrusting herself down on me as was our normal mind blowing sex. She kept up her gentle pace, no loud moaning or groaning. I could feel my on orgasm slowly building but I held on.

Dawn pulled my head harder into her chest as I felt the heat inside her building and her love tunnel becoming tighter and tighter. She slowed her movement then stopped. I could feel her muscles beginning to clamp down as she sat motionless. Slowly I felt her muscles contracting over and over, I knew she was beginning to feel the first gentle waves of her orgasm building. I was holding on, I didn't want to spoil her orgasm by coming in her first.

With my eyes closed, I concentrated on her incredible feeling. With a little more focus, Dawn continued to squeeze my cock. Holding her, I could feel her hips pushing down harder. I began to feel the muscular sensation of her vaginal contractions then I knew her climax was near. She began a series of small jerks. Her purr quietly turned into a low moan. She began to buck ever so slightly at her waist. She was near. 

Dawn squeezed my head tightly and whispered, "now."

She dropped all her weight into my lap and I began to release all the cum I had been holding deep into her. She jerked several times lightly and then her pussy clamped down on my spasming organ. I felt the waves of her orgasm flow through her as my cock released more and more deep into her. Dawn tightened up and shivered a little then she sat still for a moment holding her breath then with one last jerk she shook hard.

"Ahhhhhhh," came out softly as Dawn jerked several times hard.

"Mmmmmmm, yes."

Dawn squeezed my head as she jerked and squirted over and over onto my cock. Dawn trembled a little more and then just fell onto me as we leaned back into the sofa.

I knew Dawn would sit this way for a long time, usually until my cock softened. I could feel my hot cum oozing from her pussy and running down around my balls as she squeezed me with her muscles. Dawn still had my head pulled into her breasts, but only lightly. When my cock had completely soften, I felt Dawn sit up.

"Ummmmmm."

I opened my eyes and met Olivia and Sam's faces. They were staring intently at the two of us. While they had got off in a wild fuck, they had sat and watched as Dawn pleased herself on my cock. Olivia had a big passionate looking smile on her face as she looked on, Sam was sort of mesmerized.

Dawn grabbed my face and tilted it up.

"I love you," she said softly.

Then she kissed my lips very passionately. When our lips parted, she looked over at Sam and Olivia.

"Welcome back," Olivia said gently, not wanting to break the moment.

"Yes," was all Dawn said as she sat on my lap wiggling her hips slightly.

Olivia continued to look at Dawn's face and smile.

Dawn finally sat up and said, "That was fun."

"Which part?" Sam asked.

"All of it." Dawn replied.

Olivia was still sitting on Sam's lap when she said, "Dawn can I ask you something?"

"Sure, anything," Dawn replied.

"What was that?"

"Just something James and I do."

"I...well...I wish I could do that," Olivia said.

"Maybe one day," Dawn told her.

"Dawn?"

"Yes."

"What's next?" Olivia asked.

"How about a nice hot shower," Dawn replied. "Everyone follow me!"

Dawn stood up, grabbed my hand and pulled me up. Then she reached out for Sam's hand and pulled him and Olivia up. We headed for the big bathroom in the downstairs bedroom.

Dawn turned all the shower heads on full force and waited until the water was hot and steamy. We all entered the huge shower. The hot water felt good and looked good glistening on Dawn and Olivia. Sam and I watched as the two of them soaped each other up. Then they shampooed each other's hair, all that long black hair looked beautiful. When they finished, Dawn took the hand shower from the wall and handed it to Sam.

"Will you rinse me off?" Dawn said to Sam.

Sam took the shower head and looked at me, I nodded my head yes and he began rinsing Dawn down. I reached for the other shower wand and Olivia moved in front of me. I slowly took my time and rinsed all the shampoo from Olivia's hair then rinsed off the rest of her dark skinned body. Dawn and Olivia laughed as we finished with them. We spent a long time in the shower before we left.

I went out first and grabbed some of the large towels from the shelves. I handed one to everyone as they exited. Everyone dried off and wrapped themselves in their towels.

"I want something to eat," Dawn said. 

Dawn led the way out, we ended up in the kitchen. Olivia and Dawn had retrieved a big bowl of sliced fruit from the fridge. We were all munching on the fruit as we sat around the bar. 

"Dawn I still have to ask you something?" Olivia said.

"What is that?"

"Tell me how you did that slow fuck?"

"Olivia, it is something that James and I have learned to do. We had some tantra training but we have developed it a lot further."

"God, it looked incredible, how do you do it, I mean so slow?"

"Remember James is a psychologist, we spent a lot of time working on it together, I can't really explain it all. It just works because we love each other so much and we have learned to discuss our feelings and control our bodies, it really took a lot of work for us to get to where we are now."

"Could you teach us how to do it?"

"I don't know, it just keeps developing and we have been working on it for years."

"It looked incredible, maybe someday?"

"James can teach both of you how to relax completely, that is the place to start. And I will tell you both, talk to each other. Talk about sex, what you like what you don't like and not just that, always talk about everything."

"Maybe you can teach me one day James," Olivia replied.

"Maybe, but Olivia, it is not just you that has to learn." 

I knew I couldn't teach Olivia how to even begin to do what Dawn does, but I could show her how to start if she ever wanted to learn, the rest would be up to her and Sam.

Sam looked at the clock, it was about 3:30.

"We really had a good time you guys," Olivia said.

"Good," Dawn replied.

"What about our video?" Olivia asked Sam.

"Hey, I forgot," I said. "It won't take but a little while to make a copy."

"Of everything?" Olivia inquired.

"Everything!" I said to Olivia.

"Good, I want to watch you and Dawn again, maybe I can learn something."

Olivia squealed with excitement and grabbed another piece of fruit.

"Why don't you two go work on that while Olivia and I talk," Dawn said. 

We took that as our cue to get lost. Sam and I got up and headed toward the computer room.

As I opened the door to the video room Sam said, "Dawn is pretty wild."

"Dawn enjoys great sex and it appears so does Olivia."

We sat down and I pulled up all the different scenes with all of us on separate monitors.

Sam said, "Here let me show you how do dump all this on to a DVD at one time."

I watched as he worked the computer and began to burn a DVD of all the different scenes.

"Does Dawn really squirt like that every time?" Sam asked over his shoulder.

"It depends, she always squirts when she is really turned on but sometimes when we just have a quick fuck she doesn't," I replied.

"That is pretty wild, what does it taste like?"

"You licked it off Olivia, what did it taste like?"

"Good."

"What did you think about Olivia and Dawn," I asked.

"It was hot," Sam said. "I couldn't believe how Olivia acted."

"Sam, do you think that was Olivia's first time with another woman?" 

"What do you mean?" Sam said as he turned to look at me.

"She seemed to know what she was doing."

"It's probably just natural for women," Sam replied as he turned back to the computer.

"I think you better talk to Olivia, you could be missing out on a lot."

"You think she would do it again?" 

"I think you have a good opportunity with her, as long as you don't feel threatened," I told Sam.

"Do you feel threatened?" Sam asked.

"No."

"I hope I get to see her and Dawn again sometime," Sam said.

"Sam, I am sure you may see that and more. What would you think about watching her and Amy?"

"You mean it?"

"I have a feeling that you and Olivia could have a lot more fun, you two talk."

Sam looked at met then punched a few keys on the computer.

"There, that should take about 15 minutes to finish."

"Let's go back and sit with the girls," Sam said.

"I think we need to let them talk alone Sam."

"Oh, okay," was his reply.

"I need to tell you what we told all the other couples before. I am sure Dawn is telling Olivia," I said to Sam.

"What's that James?"

"You and Olivia are welcome to come over to the house anytime you like. We told everyone else the same thing. All the other people work and have jobs too and we told them they could come over anytime they wanted to get away in private, or away from the kids. Just come over and let yourself in and make yourself at home."

"Really?"

"Yes. I gave everyone their own alarm code and code for the gate if we aren't here. I will get a key for you."

"Gee thanks James!"

"You two are welcome," I said.

"Did you really give everyone a different code for the gate and house?" Sam asked.

"Yes," I said.

"Great! I have something to add to the security system for you," Sam said.

"More of my money?" I said with a grin.

"This one is free. I will fix it so that whenever someone enters their code into the gate, the security system will display their name on the remotes and TV's and then send you two a text message on your phones," Sam told me.

"Cool!" I said.

"I will set it up when I am here working on the pool," Sam said.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"What are you going to do with the pool?"

"I can't tell you, but I think you will really like it. It's some new technology that just came out."

"Okay, just make sure it is ready in time," I told Sam.

"It will be. When is Amy coming back?" Sam asked.

"She won't be here till late, she is driving back from her parent's house."

"Sam, what did you think about Olivia letting Dawn squirt my cum in her mouth and her and Dawn licking our cum off each other."

"It was pretty hot."

"Her eating another man's cum didn't bother you?"

"Not really, how about you, has Dawn ever done that before?"

"No she hasn't."

Sam and I chatted until the DVD finished copying. We walked back into the big room about the time Dawn and Olivia were coming down the stairs. They had gotten dressed and dried their hair.

"I got it," Sam said to Olivia as he held up the DVD box.

"Good, I can't wait to watch it," Olivia replied.

"I know we will watch it again," I told Olivia with a wink.

"Sam. You need to go get dressed. We need to be heading back to town," Olivia told Sam.

"Okay," Sam said as he headed up the stairs.

I walked toward the closet to get out a warm robe. I noticed it looked like Dawn and Olivia had cleaned up the sofa. I was glad that it was covered in leather, I usually got stuck with cleaning it up after sex. I really didn't mind, because the musky smells were always a reminder of what ever had occurred. 

As I put on the robe and walked back toward Dawn, Olivia said, "Dawn told me about the offer to come to the house anytime, thanks."

"I hope you and Sam can come whenever you get a chance," I told her.

"Dawn wants me to come over next week and help her with planning the party," Olivia said.

"Good, I think she could use the help. I have got to finish making some arrangements also," I told her.

Olivia walked over to me and reached up and pulled my head down to her and gave me a kiss on the lips.

"Maybe when I come back you can start teaching how to fuck like Dawn."

"Olivia, I can't really teach you, you would have to experience it."

"Really?"

"Yes."

"Too bad."

I looked over at Dawn and she just winked and smiled when she heard what Olivia had asked.

After a few minutes, Sam came down the stairs dressed carrying their bag.

"Are you ready to go?" Sam asked.

"Anytime," Olivia replied.

"Listen James, I will be over with the crew as soon as I work out the timing with the contractor. I will get everything done in time, don't worry."

"I will let you and Dawn work that out," I replied.

"I guess we will be heading back to town then. We had a great time. See you two later," Sam said as he and Olivia headed toward the door.

"Yes, a great time. I'll be looking forward to the next time James." Olivia said with a wink.

"Bye," Dawn said.

After they left, Dawn and I went up stairs to the bedroom to take a nap.
--------------------------------------------
|Title: Life after the Lottery Ch. 12|
|Author: drmac100|
|Author Homepage: |
|Story link: https://literotica.com/s/life-after-the-lottery-ch-12|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>I had to edit this and re-submit it, I was re-reading it and discovered I left off the last part, sorry, that is what happens when you copy and paste..

We are trying to get caught up so we can get the holiday adventures out during the holidays this time. Keep reading, keep voting and keep commenting and emailing us, we enjoy the feedback. J & D</em>

<strong>Chapter 12

Another first for Dawn</strong>

After our nap that afternoon, after Sam and Olivia left, Dawn and I woke up late and went downstairs and had something to eat. We talked for a while and then went back to bed. We both were exhausted. 

"Honey, did you enjoy watching me and Olivia?"

"Very much, I think Olivia really enjoyed it."

"Yes she did, I am sure she wants to do it again, do you mind?"

"Of course not, it really got Sam hot!"

"Do you enjoy letting them watch us fuck?"

"Yes I do, it was great. I am surprised at you though."

"Why?"

"I didn't think you were ready for that?"

"But you enjoyed it?"

"Very much honey," I told her.

"You want to do it again, with another couple maybe?"

"I guess we could."

"You really liked watching Olivia get fucked didn't you?" Dawn asked.

"I just liked watching Olivia, she is pretty hot."

"Would you like to fuck her?"

"Of course, but I don't think that is ever going to happen."

Dawn looked at me and smiled and curled up next to me.

"Can I ask you something Dawn?"

"Of course."

"Did you enjoy licking up Sam's cum?"

Dawn paused for a moment.

"It just happened, I was hot and horny and Olivia squirted me...,"

"That's okay, I just want to know if you liked it?"

"Yes...yes I did."

"Would you like to do it again?"

"It was fun...and hot!"

"Maybe next time Olivia will just let you suck Sam's cock, would you like that?"

"You would let me do that?"

"We can talk about it if you would like to do it."

I just wanted to throw it out there so Dawn would think about it, I knew she would be occupied with the thought of sucking Sam's cock for days.

About 11:00 we heard Amy come in.

"You two still up?" Amy said as she came in our bedroom.

"Yes, come on in," Dawn said.

Amy entered the room and sat down on the edge of the bed.

"How was your weekend?" Dawn asked.

"Very good," Amy replied. "How was yours?"

"Incredible," Dawn said.

"Good. I am heading to bed, I am tired from the drive. See you in the morning, I am taking off work tomorrow," Amy said as she stood and left the room.

Dawn and I fell asleep and we slept late the next morning.

After I got up and had breakfast I went to work on making the DVD copies, I wanted to get it out of the way, I had other things to do. I was making the fifth set and working on other things when I heard...

"JAMES YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!!!"

I knew that scream, I was in deep shit for something.

"GET YOUR ASS IN HERE NOW!!!"

I got up and headed toward the sound of Dawn screaming. When I got to the end of the hall I could see Dawn standing looking down the hall waiting for me. As I looked up I saw that she and Amy had been watching the video from the hot tub on Saturday. She had paused the screen at the place where Sam had his finger up her ass. I was in deep shit.

"What?!" I asked like I hadn't seen the screen.

"Get the fuck over here!" Dawn yelled.

I gingerly walked over to where she and Amy were sitting.

"What were you doing letting Sam stick his finger in my ass?!" Dawn said as she looked at me with a really deep pissed look on her face.

"Well...he asked and in the heat of the moment I told him he could," I said sheepishly.

"Why didn't you tell me?!"

"I was going to."

"I guess you stuck your finger up Olivia's ass too didn't you!"

"Well...I guess you better watch the rest of the video," I said as I looked over at Amy.

"I wanted to show Amy the good time we had this weekend and now this!" Dawn said still looking pissed.

Dawn turned and sat down hard on the sofa and pressed the remote so the video continued. I just stood there watching the screen thinking Olivia was right. As the video went by with Dawn's cries of desire she watched as I reached over and slid my finger in Olivia's asshole.

"I knew it!"

"You didn't seem to mind it at the time," I dared to say.

"That's not the point!"

"Sorry."

"Go back and work on your videos. You'll pay for this!" Dawn said.

I headed back to work on the copies, wondering how much shit I was in for. I figured I'd stay in my room for a while and hope things settled down.

It was taking about 30 minutes to make each set of the 4 DVD's. I was glad it was only taking that long and I didn't have to do it in real time. But it was still boring, sitting there waiting on each copy. I had printed up some cool multi-colored labels that had a fancy looking logo on them that said 'Lotto House Adventures'. I had a label for volumes 1 through 4. I was working on printing up labels for all the DVD's and the DVD boxes while I waited on the copies. I was making the fifth set when the printer ran out of ink. I went to the closet to get more ink cartridges and discovered I was out of one color. I really wanted to finish this if I could but I really didn't want to walk back through the den and face Dawn again. I could have snuck out the back door but my wallet and keys were in the other room. I gathered myself up and headed for the hall.

"I need to go to town and get some computer supplies," I said as I walked into the big room.

Looking up at the TV, I could see they were now watching the evening show with Dawn and Olivia.

"Fine," Dawn said without looking away from the TV.

I grabbed my wallet, keys and coat from the closet and headed out the door. I thought it would be good to get out of the house for an hour or so. I headed to town to the office supply store.

I picked up everything I needed plus extras. I stopped to get some lunch just killing time. I really couldn't understand what Dawn was so pissed about. She couldn't be that pissed over me fingering Olivia's ass, hell I had fucked Amy in the ass several times. Was she really that pissed that another guy had stuck his finger up her ass? Dawn had gotten pretty familiar with Sam while he was here. Amy had stuck her fingers up her ass plenty of times and Dawn had done the same to her, I didn't think it was going to be that big of a deal. She had let Sam cum all over her face and licked up his cum, what was the big deal. I finally headed back toward home, I had been gone a couple of hours.

When I went inside the house, everything was quite. The TV was off and I didn't hear Dawn or Amy anywhere. I headed down to the video room and dropped off the supplies and then I went to the kitchen to get a beer before I started working on the copies again. I had just opened the door of the fridge to grab a beer.

"James!" It was Dawn and it sound like it was coming from upstairs.

I turned to look, Dawn was standing at the top of the stairs wrapped in a long black robe.

"Get up here!" She said.

"I need to finish the videos."

"Get up here now!" Dawn demanded.

Well I guess I was going to find out how much trouble I was in. I turned and headed toward the stairs. I slowly walked up the stairs, Dawn was standing at the top waiting on me. I paused at the top.

"Come with me!" Dawn said as she turned and walked down the hall to our bedroom.

She stopped at the door and motioned for me to go in. I walked in and saw Amy sitting on the side of the bed also wearing a long black robe. I stopped at the foot of the bed and turned to Dawn.

"I really need to work on the DVD's," I said.

"Shut the fuck up!!" Dawn said as she pushed with both hands on my chest causing me to fall back on the bed.

"What are..,"

"Shut up asshole!" Dawn said.

Dawn was now standing beside the bed looking down on me.

"How dare you let another man stick his finger up my ass!" Dawn yelled.

"I said I was sorry," as I raised my hands to her which turned out to be a mistake.

Amy grabbed one hand and Dawn grabbed the other. Amy had a pair of handcuffs in her hand and she expertly slapped them on my wrist.

"What the hell!" I said as they released my hands.

"Now you pay!" Dawn said.

As soon as Dawn had said that she and Amy whipped off their robes. Each was wearing black leather outfits. Amy had on a shiny black leather two piece covered in metal studs that were barely holding her boobs in. I looked at Dawn, she had on a black leather bra covered in metal studs and a leather bikini bottom that was held up by a silver buckle on each side.

"What are you two doing?" Was all I managed to get out before Amy placed her hand over my mouth.

"Shut up!" Amy said. "It's time you were punished for letting another man touch Dawn!"

Dawn bent over and grabbed something from under the bed. When she stood up I could see it was a black leather riding crop. These two were starting to scare me.

"It's time I had a talk!" Dawn said.

Amy removed her hand from my mouth.

"What do you think you are..."

'Whack!,' and I felt a sting across the top of my thigh as Dawn hit me with the riding crop.

"Ouch! What the fuck..."

'Whack!' I felt the sting again.

"I didn't say you could talk!" Dawn told me with a stern look.

I figured I better shut up.

"I said it was time I had a talk, not you!" Dawn said to me. "I never gave you permission to let another man touch me like that. What were you thinking?"

I started to say something but decided against it. I watched as Amy walked around to the other side of the bed. When Amy got to the other side she grabbed one arm again and Dawn grabbed the other and they pulled me up on the bed.

"Now, I am going to explain the rules," Dawn said.

"If I want another man to touch me, I will let you know. If I want another man to stick his finger in my ass or pussy, I'll let you know. If I want to suck another man's cock, I'll let you know. If I want another man to eat my pussy, I'll let you know. And, if I want another man to fuck me, I'll let you know!" Dawn stated.

As I heard Dawn say this I thought that she really was changing the rules if she meant what she said. Maybe she was wanting to have sex with another man, or maybe she was just teasing me.

"Do you understand?!"

I just looked up at her.

"Answer!"

"Ye...ye...yes," I said

"And, if I want to have sex with Amy when you are not around, then I will. Do you understand that!?"

"Yes," I said.

"And, if you want to have sex with Amy again you will ask my permission. Do you understand?!"

"Yes."

"And, if Amy wants to have sex with you when I am not here you will comply and please her! Do you understand?!"

"Hell yes!"

'Whack', shit that hurt.

"Yes or No!"

"Yes!"

"And, if I tell you to let another woman suck your cock, you will! Do you understand?!"

"Yes," I said, wondering what the hell was going on.

"And if I tell you to eat another woman's pussy you will do it, correct!?"

"Yes."

"And, if I decide to let you fuck any other woman beside Amy, you will do it without arguing, correct?!"

"Yes."

Well hell yes, I would do it I thought.

"You will do whatever I tell you to do when I want you to do it James?!"

"Yes."

"Good," Dawn said.

"Now. We need to discuss this fascination you have for assholes," Dawn said. "Did you enjoy fingering Olivia's asshole?"

I wasn't sure what to say. I hesitated.

Dawn lifted the riding crop up.

"Yes!" I blurted out, waiting for the sting of the riding crop.

Dawn lowered the riding crop back down to the bed.

"Do you enjoy fucking Amy in the ass?"

"Yes."

"Amy, do you enjoy getting fucked in the ass by his big cock?"

"Yes I do," Amy replied.

"Do you want him to do it again?"

"Only with your permission," Amy said.

"Good, we understand each other!"

"Do you like sticking your fingers in my ass?!" Dawn said as she looked at me.

"Yes,"

"Why?"

Why? Hell I just did.

"Because it feels good," I said.

"Why does it feel good?"

"Because it is nice and tight."

"Amy. Why do men insist on sticking things in our ass when we have a perfectly good pussy for that?" 

"I don't know," Amy said.

"Maybe they don't understand that it hurts?"

"They probably don't," Amy said.

"Maybe we should demonstrate," Dawn said.

"Maybe we should," Amy replied.

Dawn walked around to the foot of the bed and began removing my shoes. Amy sat on the bed and began unbuckling my pants. As soon as my pants were unbuckled and pulled open and Dawn had my shoes off they grabbed my pants and underwear and pulled them off in one yank. As soon as they had my pants off they each grabbed a leg and twisted me over so I was on my stomach.

"What the hell are you doing...," I yelled.

'Pow!' 

"Ouch, shit!"

'Pow!'

Dawn hit me hard on the ass again.

"Shut up!" Dawn said.

I felt my legs pulled apart, then the bed jostled and someone sat down on the middle of my back. I could tell one of them was straddling my ass.

"I'm sorry!" I said.

'Slap!'

A hand came down on my ass hard. I cranked my head around as best as I could. I barely caught a glimpse of Amy's long red hair as she sat on my back facing away. I couldn't keep straining my neck so I returned my face to the bed.

I felt a pair of hands pull my ass cheeks apart and then something cold hit my asshole. I started to ask what the hell was going on but decided against it. Then I felt the tip of a finger running down the crack of my ass. The finger stopped at my asshole. I could feel the finger was slick with something. Then a finger began probing my asshole and slowly inserted its way in. I tried to clinch my ass checks together to stop this invasion. 

'Slap!'

"Relax! We have too!" I heard Dawn say.

And the finger pushed deeper and probed my insides.

"Do you like it?!" Dawn said.

I hesitated. It did hurt some.

'Slap!'

A hand hit my ass again, hard.

"Do you like it?!"

"Yes," was the only thing I safely knew to say.

I felt the finger removed from my ass and then I felt more pressure as what felt like two fingers were prying me open. This did hurt a little, I was regretting all the times I had shoved my fingers in Dawn's ass. I could feel the two fingers working their way in and out and probing around. I could feel my asshole being stretched. Amy shifted her weight around some getting off my back. I felt the fingers removed from my ass.

"Roll over!" Dawn commanded.

I slowly turned over as best I could with my hands cuffed together. I saw Amy on her knees on the side of the bed. As soon as I got on my back Amy threw a leg over me and straddled my stomach facing my feet.

"Lift your knees up!" Dawn commanded again.

I raised my knees and as I did Amy grabbed each one and pulled them up and spread my legs apart. I watched as Dawn reached down to the floor and produced a small dildo. 'Oh shit' was all I could think.

"Now you get to feel what we feel!" Dawn said.

She placed the tip of the dildo up next to my asshole and twisted it around, smearing some type of lube around on it. Slowly Dawn began to push on the dildo. I could feel my asshole begin to stretch. Even though Dawn was slow, it was uncomfortable as she pushed more of the dildo in me.

"Ummm," was all I managed.

Amy pulled back on my knees as Dawn pushed more into me. I felt the dildo slip past my rectum. The look I got at the dildo before it disappeared, it looked to be about an inch and a half in diameter and about 6 inches long. It felt as if Dawn was determined to jam it all up my ass.

"Look Dawn!" Amy said.

"Why he is getting a hard-on, he must like it. I'll push harder," Dawn said.

Even though it hurt, I could feel my cock beginning to stiffen. Dawn pushed again and I felt the dildo slip deep in my bowels. I was wondering how Amy ever managed to take my entire cock up her ass. Dawn pushed the dildo all the way in to the flange.

"How does that feel?" Dawn asked.

"Okay," I said as the pressure began to subside. 

My cock was now stiffening more.

"Now that you know what it feels like, you are ready," Dawn said.

Amy released the hold on my knees and my feet were touching the bed again. Amy stood up while still straddling me. She pushed the black leather bottom down and stepped out of it, then she lowered her beautiful ass down to my chest and then pulled her legs under her.

"Now you may please Amy!" Dawn said.

Amy was still facing my feet as she slid back and lowered her ass right on my face.

"Tongue her ass!" Dawn yelled.

I was more than happy to tongue Amy's asshole. She lowered her ass down so that it was just out of reach. I stuck out my tongue and raised my head so that I could flick her asshole. As Amy felt my tongue on her asshole she lowered herself down so that I could drive my tongue into her tight little pucker. I wanted to reach up and pull her down, but she was sitting on my cuffed hands.

As I probed Amy's asshole, she responded by pushing herself down on my face harder. I continued to tongue her ass and lube it with my saliva. Once I had her good and wet I could drive my tongue deeper into her asshole. Amy moaned softly. I knew I couldn't get Amy off just by tonguing her asshole, but she seemed to be enjoying it. Amy let me tongue her tight little hole for a long time. 

"Lean forward Amy," Dawn said.

Amy begin to lean forward, as she did I felt her begin to slide her pussy up to my mouth. As she leaned forward propped up on her hands she positioned herself so I could lick and suck her pussy, this was better. As Amy laid down on me, I could feel the pressure of her breasts in her leather top touching my stomach. I drove my tongue deeper into her, her juices were flowing. I think Amy was already turned on by what her and Dawn were doing to me. 

Suddenly, I was brought back to reality as Dawn grabbed the dildo now in my relaxed ass and began working it in and out. I paused for moment as I felt the intensity of the dildo. Then I started sucking on Amy's pussy hard, she began grinding her pussy down onto my mouth. Amy slid back some more so I could get to her clit. I sucked her clit into my mouth and tongued it at the same time. I could hear Amy moaning louder. I was wishing Amy would wrap her mouth around my cock but I guessed it wasn't in Dawn's plans.

Amy began to grind harder and faster against my mouth. I sucked and tongued her clit as best as I could. Amy was moaning and groaning more now. I could feel her juices running down the side of my face as she began to hump my face. She was about to come in my mouth. She pushed down hard and jerked against my lips as she came. I licked the inside of her pussy clean.

"Enough Amy!" Dawn said.

Amy slowly rolled off me, as she did I caught a glimpse of Dawn standing at the end of the bed quickly pulling her hand out her leather bottoms.

"My turn now," Dawn said.

Amy walked around behind Dawn and wrapped her arms around her stomach. Amy slid a hand down into Dawn's leather panties. I watched as I saw Amy fingering her pussy inside her leather outfit.

"You want to touch me James?" Dawn asked with a seductive look.

"Yes."

"You can't!" Dawn said as Amy's fingers dug deeper into her pussy. 

Dawn stared at me for about 5 minutes while Amy fingered her pussy.

"Amy, take my bottoms off!"

Amy pulled her hands from inside Dawn's panties and slipped them around to the side. She pulled the leather belt back through the buckle on one side, then she pulled the leather back through the buckle on the other side. Amy pulled back on the leather tab and released it from the buckle. She then separated the sides but held them up. She used her other hand to unbuckle the other side. Amy let go of the sides and the leather bottoms fell to the floor. Amy slipped her hands around again and began to rub Dawn's pussy again. My cock was swelling and making me miserable.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Amy take off my top!" Dawn commanded.

Amy pulled her hands away from Dawn's pussy and reached behind her back. I watched as she undid the black leather bra Dawn was wearing and pulled it off Dawn. Dawn's nipples were pointing straight up. Amy slipped her hands around and began massaging Dawn's breasts. Dawn placed her hands on top of Amy's as she continued and looked at me for several minutes.

"Are you enjoying watching James?" Dawn questioned me.

"Yes," I said.

"Amy!" Dawn said.

Amy released her hold on Dawn's breast and bent over and picked something up off the floor and stood up.

"You can't watch anymore!" Dawn said as Amy walked toward the head of head. Amy reached up and took a blindfold and wrapped it around my head and tied it. 

The bed jostled and I felt one of them lay down beside me on the bed, then I felt more weight come down on the same side. I tried to listen to what was happening. As I listened, I could hear moans coming from beside me. As I listened closer I heard sucking noises. One of them was sucking on the other's pussy. The sucking sound was near my head. I moved my arms toward the noise to see what I could feel. My arm contacted naked skin, I gently slid it up and felt the side of one body and then a separation and the side of another body. Amy and Dawn were in a 69 position.

I could only lay there and listen, the sounds of female sex grew louder. As I listened to the moaning I suddenly smelled the strong musky scent of a pussy. It was an incredible turn-on listening but not being able to see. I lay there wanting to watch or touch for a long time. I began to distinguish Amy's moans from Dawn's. I finally figured out that Dawn's head was nearest my head as she was eating Amy's pussy.

As the moans and groans grew louder, I could tell that Dawn was nearing her orgasm. The sounds coming from lower down also sounded as if Amy was also reaching hers. I was beginning to find it amazing that two women could change their sucking and licking on each other in a way that they always seemed to come at the same time. 

I could tell that Amy was bucking her hips up into Dawn's mouth. The sucking and slurping became louder with their moans. I heard a deep groan come from Dawn as she buried her mouth into Amy's pussy as the bed began to shake. I could tell the two of them were jerking around as their orgasms hit. The smell of pussy became stronger.

"Ohhhh, god!" Came from my end of the bed.

The movement settled down and remained still for a long time. I suddenly felt the bed moving as the girls moved around. I realized that someone was moving so that they were straddling my chest. A knee was on each side of my arms at about my elbow. I felt someone untie the blindfold and pull it away. As I could see, I saw Amy standing there holding the blindfold, she was now missing her top. I looked up and saw Dawn's ass in front of me. She had straddled me with her ass pointed at my face and was propped up on her hands over my cock.

Amy moved toward the end of the bed and came back. She was holding a bottle of lube. She held it above the crack of Dawn's ass and squeezed it out so that it ran down her crack. Amy reached up with her other hand and began smearing the liquid around in Dawn's crack. Amy stopped at Dawn's asshole and slowly circled her opening with her finger. The liquid began to drip on my shirt along with Dawn's juices.

I watched intently as Amy slowly circled Dawn's asshole and then began to push inside. Amy slowly slipped her finger inside Dawn's tight ass, Dawn moaned softly. I watched as Amy continued to work her finger in and out. I looked up at Amy but she was watching her finger intently. I looked back at Dawn's ass just as Amy pulled her index finger out and then slowly worked two fingers into Dawn's ass. Dawn moaned again. 

Amy worked her two fingers in and out of Dawn, stretching her as she did. I was so wanting for Dawn to suck my cock as she got her ass fingered in front of my face. I watched as it appeared that Dawn's asshole was relaxing, Amy seemed to be able to slide her two fingers in deeper as she probed around. Amy suddenly pulled her fingers out and walked toward the end of the bed and returned. She produced a butt plug that I thought was rather large for Dawn. Amy held it up and squirted lube on it. She then sat the bottle of lube down on the bed and then rubbed the lube all over the butt plug.

I watched as Amy took the butt plug and pressed the pointed end up next to Dawn's asshole. She twisted and pressed the butt plug against Dawn. Amy slowly pushed the plug in a little way and held it. She was slowly stretching Dawn's asshole out. After a minute or so Amy twisted and pushed the plug in a little further. Dawn let out a moan. Amy held the plug firm, it appeared to be about half way in. Amy slowly twisted and pushed harder, the plug was slipping into Dawn's ass to the point it was nearing the largest part of the round shape. Dawn moaned louder.

Amy held the plug in place as I watched, Dawn was appearing to relax as the plug stretched her asshole. I watched as Amy held the plug steady as Dawn started pushing back against it. I could feel my cock growing harder and harder as I watched. Slowly Dawn pushed back and the largest part of the plug slipped past the horizon of her asshole. Dawn groaned loudly followed with a gasp. Amy held the plug in place as it stretched out her asshole. 

After a minute, Dawn pushed back again and the plug slipped into her ass as she gasped. Amy gave the plug a gentle push as she seated it all the way into Dawn. Amy removed her hand, picked up the bottle of lube and walked back to the end of the bed and sat down. Dawn slowly began to rock forward and back on her hands bringing her ass closer to my face each time she did. Slowly Dawn raised her upper body so she was up on her knees. I watched as she lifted her hands and slowly began massaging her breasts. I looked at her ass and could see the safety flange showing from the bottom of her ass. Dawn moaned and groaned as she slowly massaged her breasts.

Dawn looked back over her shoulder at me.

"Did you enjoy watching?"

"Yes," I said.

Dawn slowly got to her feet standing on the bed with her back to me. She slowly turned around and placed her feet so that she was facing me. She reached around with her hands and began rubbing her pussy as she looked down on me. Slowly she moved back down on her knees straddling my stomach as she came down. Her ass was now facing toward Amy sitting at the end of the bed as she sat up on her knees. Dawn twisted her hips and rocked for several long minutes.

Dawn had lowered her ass down onto my stomach as she rocked and worked her pussy. She had several fingers jammed inside her pussy and was beginning to vigorously work them in and out. Dawn began to moan as she worked her pussy hard. She had pushed the butt plug down against my pubic bone and was applying pressure to it as she rocked.

"Ahhhhhh," escaped from Dawn she worked her ass and pussy with her eyes closed.

I thought Amy was going to help her but Dawn was doing a solo act on my stomach. Harder and harder she worked her fingers in and out, pulling them out occasionally to finger her clit hard. Dawn was moaning louder and louder as I watched. Set began to jerk her hips hard against her hand, her face was grimacing, I knew she was building to a big orgasm. I wasn't sure if she was enjoying the big butt plug in her ass but she was really getting off.

"Oh my god!!"

Dawn thrust her hips hard, I knew she was about to come hard. She removed her fingers from her pussy and they became a blur over her clit.

"Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh!!"

Dawn set up on her knees hovering over my chest, her fingers were flying over her clit.

"Oh god!!"

Dawn began squirting like crazy, splashing it around with her fingers as they flew over her clit. She was squirting directly on my face, I was sure this had been part of her plan.

"Oh yes, yes!!"

Dawn jerked a few more times then tried to regain her composure.

"Did you enjoy me cuming all over your face, like you come on mine!"

"Yes honey, I did."

Dawn slipped her soaked fingers in her mouth and sucked on them for a few minutes while she looked at me covered in her juices. I think Dawn was trying to gather herself from what had just happened.

"Amy!" Dawn said as she removed her fingers from her mouth.

I felt Amy move, then I felt the cold lube running down my cock. Then I felt Amy's hands rubbing the liquid up and down my shaft as she stroked me. Dawn slowly leaned forward, dangling her breasts just out of reach of my mouth. I saw Dawn wince as I heard a pop. Amy had pulled the butt plug out of Dawn's ass. Dawn sat back up, as she did she reached between her legs and grabbed my slick cock.

Dawn began to lower her ass as she guided the head of my cock to her asshole. I couldn't believe what she was about to do. Dawn placed the head of my cock next to her slick asshole and began to push down slowly.

Dawn looked at me with a determined look and pushed some more.

"You let me do all the work! Don't push into me!"

I watched between Dawn's legs as she gently lowered herself. I felt the head of my cock slowly begin to enter her ass. Dawn paused even though I could feel that her asshole was still stretched out from the plug. She settled some more. I felt the head of my cock slip past her asshole and into her rectum. She paused and sat herself up for a minute or so. She pushed down some more and I felt the head of my cock slowly slip into her. I looked up and Dawn was biting her lower lip. She had her eyes closed as she continued to push down.

I felt the head of my cock slip past her second sphincter, as she pushed Dawn moaned deeply with a grimace on her face. I was finding it hard to believe that she was trying this, I hoped she was not hurting herself. I had forgotten about the dildo up my own ass for a minute. 

Dawn paused for a minute then pushed down again. I felt Dawn's asshole begin to resists as she reached the fattening part of my shaft. I knew as she pushed down further my cock was only going to pry her open more. Dawn slowly raised her ass, sliding back up my cock. I was afraid she was going to stop trying, then she pushed back down, going farther down than before. 

The expression on Dawn's face changed as she threw her head back with her mouth wide open. She began to slide up an inch or so then back down a little further each time. She was now about half way down. She continued to do this as she settled further and further down my shaft. After several more minutes at this pace Dawn was unbelievably near the base of my cock. Dawn slid a long way up my cock and then lowered herself down all the way until her ass was sitting on my crotch.

"Ahhhhhhh!!" Dawn moaned loudly.

"Are you okay?" I asked softly.

"Yes, just don't move," Dawn said.

Dawn sat there for several minutes. The heat of her bowels was incredible. I clinched the cheeks of my ass together, Dawn groaned as the head of my cock swelled inside her. Slowly Dawn began to move her hips. She lifted her ass up a little and then back down over and over, each time sliding up and down a little farther. I felt my lubed cock sliding in and out of her slick asshole. I knew Dawn was getting used to my huge cock deep in her ass, but the feeling of her insides was causing my balls to swell, I was doing all I could to keep from coming in her.

Dawn started moving more aggressively, up and down, moaning and groaning louder. She was now lifting herself up about halfway and lowering herself back down. Dawn began to moan as if she was beginning to enjoy more. She was biting her lip again as she raised and lowered herself a little faster. She began coming down harder each time she moved up and down.

"Ahhhhhhh!!" Escaped from Dawn's mouth. 

Harder and harder Dawn slammed herself down on me. She reached down with a hand and began to finger her clit hard. She was starting to enjoy herself it appeared. The more I watched my cock slip in and out of her ass the tighter my balls got.

"Umm, umm, umm!!" As Dawn continued to finger her clit.

"Dawn, are you okay?"

"Ohhhh, yes!"

Her tight ass and her hot insides were driving me to the edge.

"Dawn, I can't hold it much longer!" I said to her.

"Go ahead, cum in my ass, cum deep in my ass!" Dawn yelled.

I let go and began pumping loads of cum deep into Dawn and she slammed herself down on my cock and held it. I couldn't help but thrust up into her.

"Oh god James!" Dawn yelled as she began squirting her juices all over me again.

"Oh god!" Dawn yelled again as she jerked her hips against my cock.

I continued to pump more cum into her, more than I think I had ever let go. Dawn forced her weight down on me harder with each jet of cum. Then she humped my cock hard for a minute then collapsed down onto me.

Dawn fell forward onto me. She was breathing very hard and moaning as she lay on me. While she was laying on me I felt Amy pull the dildo out of my ass. I winced as it slid out. After a long time Dawn sat up and looked at me.

"God James, that was incredible."

"Are you okay?"

"Oh god yes, Amy has been helping me practice."

"I didn't hurt you did I?"

"A little, but I'm okay, I really enjoyed it, did you enjoy it?"

I pushed up into Dawn a little.

"Oh god, you are still hard!"

"Yes, I enjoyed it very much, it was incredible."

"James, I don't think I can do it again right now."

"Can you just sit, sit like you do when you just want to take your time?"

"That I can do!"

Dawn sat up on her knees and pressed her ass down onto my cock for a few minutes. Then she leaned to one side and pulled one leg out then the other, she had all her weight down on my cock now.

"Oh you feel so good," I told her.

"Oh my god, now you are in me all the way!"

Dawn's insides felt great, my cock was still hard as a rock and twitching inside of her. I clenched my ass and made my cock swell inside Dawn.

"Oh my, that feels so good."

Dawn began to rock her hips ever so slightly, like she did when she wanted one of her quite fucks. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back and moved just so slightly. I couldn't believe how hot she was inside. I looked down at her pussy and my cock disappearing in her ass, it looked so hot.

"Ahhhh," came from Dawn as she rocked.

Dawn continued this way for a long time, I could tell she was slowly building to another orgasm, I couldn't believe it but I was ready to come in her again. My cock was pulsing over and over and Dawn moaned each time I pulsed inside her. 

Amy had moved to the bed next to us so she could watch and finger her pussy. She was breathing hard as she worked her pussy.

"Oh god James you feel so good! Come in me!"

Dawn began to slide her hips back and forth, working my cock in and out of her asshole as she groaned over and over, getting faster and faster.

"Oh god James I'm coming again! Fill me with your hot cum now!!"

Dawn shoved down onto me as hard as she could then started jerking.

"Ahhhhh!!"

Dawn jerked hard and I began pumping her ass full of cum for the second time.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!! Ahhhhh!!"

I impulsively thrust up hard as I released a huge load of cum in her.

"Oh my god!!"

Dawn screamed several times as I jerked into her then she looked down at me. Dawn grabbed her knees and pulled herself forward and sat. She was sweating and just looking in my eyes. I could feel her asshole twitching as she sat. Dawn didn't move, she sat there breathing hard for several minutes, this time my worn out cock began to soften. When Dawn was ready she pulled her legs back under her and leaned forward and kissed me.

"I love you," Dawn said softly.

"I love you too, I hope you are okay."

"Fantastic. You owe Amy big time."

"I heard that," Amy said.

Dawn started giggling then she sat up.

"I wish I could have watched you two practicing," I said.

"Then it wouldn't have been a surprise," Dawn said.

"I do owe you Amy, thanks."

"You better be careful, you don't know what the price might be," Amy said.

Dawn giggled again then slowly lifted her ass up and let my cock pull out. When she did a flood of cum came gushing out onto my cock.

"Oh yes," Dawn said.

Dawn leaned forward and off me and laid beside me. Amy walked up and unlocked the handcuffs, then she laid down on the bed on my other side. Dawn and Amy both turned toward me and laid their arms across my chest. I took my aching arms and held both of them tight.

I held them without saying anything for a very long time. 

"You know we were just having fun with you," Dawn said. "I wouldn't do anything without you."

"Well, you know you had some good points. Maybe we all need to sit down and have a long talk," I said to her.

"Later, I want to take a nap now," Dawn said as she and Amy snuggle up next to me.

We all woke up later when the phone rang. Dawn got up and answered it.

"Amy, what do I owe you for helping Dawn?" 

"I'll collect later."

"I bet you will."

"Have you and Dawn watched the recordings from Thanksgiving?"

"Not yet."

"I think you two need to watch them."

"Have you been watching them?"

"Oh yes. I get off on watching everyone, you need to watch them."

"We watched everyone that night."

"I know, but I don't think you watched everything."

"What did we miss?"

"Just parts of them."

"Well, pull them up and we can watch them now."

"That was Olivia," Dawn said. "She wanted to thank us for the fun she had."

"Did you tell her what happened?"

"Yes..."

"I hope you told her come back anytime," I said.

"I did," Dawn said as she slipped up on the bed next to me.

"Amy wants to watch the recordings from Thanksgiving."

"Oh that sounds good, we can lay here and watch," Dawn said.

"Amy, you are driving, pull them up," I told her.

Amy worked the remote and the big TV came on and the video came up of Brian and Angie.

"You guys will like this one."

"We saw them that night," Dawn said.

"I know, but I bet you didn't watch all of it."

Heads Up -- If you didn't read Life After the Lottery, Chapter 10, you will need to at this point.

We lay there and watched Brian with his face buried up in Angie's pussy, this was all we had watched that night. Brian worked on Angie's pussy for about 10 minutes then Angie yelled...

'Eat me Brian!'

"Oh, we missed that part," Dawn said.

Angie yelled for Brian to eat her over and over as she pulled his head hard into her pussy as we watched for several minutes. A few minutes later Angie came hard with a screaming orgasm.

'Oh god Brian, your tongue feels so good inside me. Now fuck me!'

"I don't think Angie is as conservative as we thought," I said.

Brian sat down in the bottom of the chair.

'Angie, try this, slide it in you.'

We watched as Angie slid down onto Brain's big cock, she was moaning and groaning all the way down.

'Oh god Brian, this feels so good and deep, I love your big cock!'

We watched as Angie took a very long time working Brian's cock in and out of her until she had a huge orgasm and Brian filled her with cum.

'Oh god Brian, I love this, you are so deep inside me. We need to get one of these.'

"It looks like Angie had a really good time," Dawn said.

"They go at it again in about 30 minutes after Angie sucks him clean," Amy said. "Watch this next one and we will come back."

Amy pulled up another video, as soon as it started we saw Amy lying on her bed naked as Brian walked through her bedroom door. The cameras had been set for motion activation and they had started when he opened the door that morning. I saw Amy look up at him on the recording.

'Hi Brian.'

Brian stood there a minute and looked.

'You just want to look?'

"Amy, you shouldn't have said that," Dawn told her.