
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 01|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong><em>Synopsis:</em></strong> In a land far, far away, and in a different time and plane, a young man-child awakens inside a strange feathery shell.

Join the inquisitive, intelligent, mischievous, and slightly perverted "new-hatch" as he journeys through a whole new world of endless possibilities, discovering what it means to be an angel- the only "male" angel in a world full of females.

Driven by his insatiable thirst for knowledge, and empowered by abilities he isn't fully aware of, this young angel soon discovers that the world of angels and demons is not as utopian as he had imagined.

Explore the mystical world of Azra-El, filled with incredible sentientsâ€”angels, demons, pixies, and a host of other racesâ€”, mythical creatures, and untold intricacies that spark grand adventures as well as very real dangers, governed by subtly different laws of nature and a whole new approach to life itself, apropos to those who inhabit it.

<strong>Author's Note</strong>: *shameless boasting alert*. My Chapter 19, finale of the first arc of my series, has hit Rank 1 on both the Sci-Fi/Fantasy and the general categories. I know it won't last long as I only have 100 votes, and the downvote deluge will take it down. But, I finally feel like I belong to the "big boy/girl" leagues, now. Haha.

Anyway, I decided to post this <strong>new edit </strong>(April 9th, 2020), to reflect some of the improvement in writing. I believe my story-telling itself may have improved over the past couple of years, but I cannot change the plot of what has already been published. So, if you like the story now, it will only get better.

<strong>Chapters 2-10 </strong>are still somewhat raw, for now. That will change, slowly. Don't let it stop you from reading, though ðŸ˜Š.

<strong>Editors: </strong>Originally edited by DankMemez. Now, by Chris Anow and me. Proof-read by PinkuLady and her husband. The sexual part was only edited by me, so it may have some errors.

<strong>What this is going to be:</strong> A lighthearted, high fantasy, with elements of political intrigue, ethics, and sci-fi (later on). I don't intend it to be dark as some adult novels, but it will still deal with some philosophical issues, and the war towards the end of the series may get "real". However, until then, it will be a fun, mysterious, and fantastical adventure.

This may sound like a male fantasy, but I don't think I have written anything inimical to the other gender(s). The MC is male, but the rest of the characters are female. The MC may be a little immature at first, but he will grow out of it, in a very real fashion. Also, I try my best at making the other characters not mere tools to proceed the plot. They will be real people with real motivations, and some of them will be inspiring!

Also, I initially started this on a whim, only getting serious after around chapter 7. I may have made some arbitrary decisions back then, so please keep that in mind.

oOoOo

<strong>The Azra-El Series</strong>

<strong>Arc 1: The Heavenly Union</strong>

<strong>Book 1: Blazing Fury</strong>

Chapter 1

He woke up to the warmth of thin streams of light against his face. His eyes fluttered open, and he found himself curled up and completely naked, within the confines of a small and seemingly oval structure.

Straining his eyes against the dim light, he tried to make out where he was. The ceiling of his confinement, translucent under the pale glow of sunlight, cast an eerie luminescence on his form. The only thing he could hear was the babble of a nearby creek.

He forced himself upright, confused and panicked, and placed a hand against the ceiling. It was soft and feathery to the touch, and when he forced a finger through one of the gaps, the material parted just as easily as feathers. Ploughing his fingers through the gap, he hastily made it wider.

Sunlight flooded his feathery pod, blinding him momentarily, and making him reflexively hold up his hands to shield his eyes. Slowly, he started to blink and readjust, and his eyes quickly grew accustomed to the intensity.

The pod he was confined in was made of a bright, orange-red, feathery material.

Feeling a little claustrophobic, he began to furiously tear at the hole, until it was wide enough to pull his body through. Surprisingly, the structure held its shape as he squeezed himself out and flopped down on the soft, lush grass surrounding the pod.

A small rivulet, nearby, cut through the sprawling grassland, the blades of grass a shade lighter than he was used to. To the northeast were towering, snow-capped mountains that seemed to reach the skies, and to the south lay a forest of enormous trees. The sky was a cerulean blue, dotted with a few solitary cumulus clouds, puffy and big, almost foretelling what was to come.

As he climbed to his feet, he realized that his muscles felt weak and heavy, as if he had been floating in water for too long. Leaning against the feather pod for support, he began to notice that its structure seemed an awful lot like an egg.

He tried to bring up his latest memory, but his mind was a hazy, chaotic mess. So, instead of trying to figure out what happened to him, he began to consider his next actions. He was naked, defenseless, and apparently in the middle of nowhere; his options looked non-existent.

As he stood thinking, he suddenly spotted a winged figure a thousand feet or so up in the sky, seemingly making its way towards him. It was large and humanoid in shape.

A little intimidated, he instinctively jumped back into his pod and hid, hoping he had not been spotted. He needed help, but a large flying creature did not seem to be the right choice.

He curled up inside the egg and hoped it would go away, but he sensed its shadow as it circled around his egg and swooped down, the noise and wind from its wings audible.

Accepting the inevitable, he peered through the hole. He gawked as she glided down to a gracious landing a few feet away from him, folding her spotless white wings behind her back; they shimmered for a moment before disappearing out of existence. However, what caught his attention the most was not the magical wings, but the creature's beauty. Her choice of attire was no less conspicuous.

She was tall and lean, almost like a figurine, with an hourglass figure, long limbs, and slender fingers. Her platinum-blonde hair flowed down her back, brushing the top of her thighs. She had large, round, blue eyes; slanted eyebrows; plump, pink lips that displayed a kind smile; and an oval elven face. Her fair skin was like white-jade; there wasn't a single blemish that he could see.

Her clothes, if they could be called that, comprised of a white collar out of which four streaks of feather-cloth flowed, curving around her plump breasts and pressing tight against them. Two streaks spiraled once to hide each of her nipples, while the other two curved around to the bottom of her breasts for support. Her panties consisted of a feathered strap that circled low on her waist and still managed to make a V-shape before a piece of white silk hugged her bottom lips.

Despite its scantiness, her dress seemed like something that would be comfortable and easy to wear while flying. Her hair was held back by a beautiful feathered band, made from thin bristle-feathers, with its tips finished with small glass beads. Her feet were protected by a pair of heel-less shoes that looked quite comfortable, but almost seemed lackluster in comparison with the rest of her attire.

<em>Is she an angel or a devil in disguise?</em> he wondered, peering at her through the hole.

"Hello, child! Did you just hatch? Why are you here all by yourself?" she asked, with a kind smile, her voice smooth like honey, and gentle.

Though he did not recognize anything about her, he felt a strange sort of closeness to this creature; a trust that could not be easily given. He did not understand why he felt that way, and the bewildered expression on the lady's face did not answer his question, either.

With a start, he realized that he could understand what she was saying, even though a part of him knew that it was a language he'd never heard before. Throaty, nasal, and deep at the same time, the words seemed to dance their way past the strange humanoid's lips, almost like she was singing. In fact, if it hadn't been for her posture, he would have assumed that she had broken into song.

He searched her face and eyes, trying to figure out what she meant. She seemed taller than him, by at least a foot. So, it was plausible that he looked like a child to her. But, how could she think he was a newborn?

"Um... What?" he muttered, surprising himself.

For whatever reason, he seemed to be able to communicate in this new tongue as well; the words flowed out of him intuitively, the sounds tickling parts of his throat he hadn't quite used before, and sounding oh-so-pleasant, even to his ears.

"How long has it been since you broke out of your egg?" she asked, pointing at his pod.

His eyes widened. <em>It </em><strong><em>is</em></strong><em> an </em><strong><em>egg</em></strong><em>! What the eff is going on? Did I just hatch out of that thing? What about my memories? Did I die and reincarnate?</em>

"Er... a few minutes before you appeared. Are you my m-mother?" he answered, after a moment.

"No. I felt... something, and I flew over. I am not entirely sure what is going on. No mother would leave her egg while it is due, and certainly not alone by itself," she said, thinking out loud. "Wait... come on out child, I want to look at you."

He almost stepped out but held himself back. "Er... I am naked," he said, softly.

"Oh."

She touched a ring on her left hand, and a pair of underwear and a white tunic appeared out of nowhere. He gasped<em>. Is that a spatial ring of some sort?! I am definitely not on Earth. At least, nowhere near the same time as I remember. </em>

She walked over and handed him the clothes, which he took by extending a hand, out of his hole. They were feminine clothes, but he did not have much choice at that moment.

He quickly donned them under the cover of the egg, before stepping out. Her eyes scanned his body, while he compared his height with hers. His head did not even reach her shoulders. His head did not even reach her shoulders, but he wasn't short, at least based on his perspective of the ground; she was just tall- close to seven feet.

"Hmm. You are a bit large for a new-hatch," she pondered. "If my suspicions are correct, you are an anomalous hatch. Sometimes, eggs manifest from abnormal concentrations of world energy. It is quite rare, but it is not unheard of. Maybe that is what I felt before."

For some reason, he felt that calling his hatching "rare" was an understatement.

That still doesn't explain my memories. "Why can I understand and speak your language?" he asked. Talking to a stranger about memories from a previous life did not seem like a bright idea.

"All angels hatch with ancestral memories, child. You have a basic understanding of the world ingrained into your brain. Yours, however, may be a little muddled because of your... anomalous hatching," she said, with a thoughtful look. He wasn't sure if she was making up half of the things she said.

<em>Angels?! Ancestral memories?</em> The concepts baffled him, but they were no stranger than being reincarnated in an egg, in a seemingly foreign world. "Hmm. Does this mean that I do not have a mother?" he asked.

He voiced the question more as a confirmation, but the angel took it differently. She looked at him with eyes full of pity, and after a moment of reflection, seemed to come to a decision.

"Child, do you want to come with <em>Aunty </em>Jie Er? I can guide you and provide you a home until you can do so yourself," she asked.

The actual word she used was "fau", but the closest his mind could translate to was "aunty". Fau was a suffix, used by younger angels to refer to older angels, especially someone who they were close with. It was similar to the usage of the word "aunt" by some cultures.

He was stunned. Did a complete stranger just adopt him? However, even if he was a newborn in this world, he had the memories of an adult, and he wasn't too inclined to be parented by a stranger.

That said, he had no idea of what it took to survive in this new world. It also seemed like he did, in fact, look like a child. Though it seemed ridiculous, accepting her proposal seemed to be his best option for the moment. It didn't hurt that she was the most beautiful being he had ever laid his eyes on.

"Okay," he accepted, unpretentiously.

"Good!" Jie Er clapped her hands. "Now, let us see if we can think of a good name for you. How about... 'Ariel' or 'Brianna'?" she asked, excitedly.

He looked at her flabbergasted.

"You do not like them? How about 'Arwen' or 'Eleanor'?"

"I am a male!"

He may have hatched with shoulder-length hair, but there was no way he looked anything like a girl.

"A what?"

"A male."

"What is a male?"

When he heard her speak the word "male", he immediately realized that he had spoken it in English.

"Er... What do you call an angel of your opposite sex?" he asked.

"What are you speaking about, child? Maybe your hatching was even more faulty than I imagined," she said, concern painting her voice.

She walked up to him, placed her hands around his head, and started prodding and feeling, while his eyes stared into the deep ravine of her cleavage.

<em>Is there another word for male? Why can't I translate? Shouldn't it be obvious to the angel? Wait...</em>

"How are angels born, normally? What's the exact process?" he suddenly asked.

Jie Er considered her words, before she answered. "They hatch just like you did. However, there is usually a mother around."

"How do you make an egg?" he persisted.

"When the time is right, an angel feels an irresistible urge to create a child. She then uses the world's energy to grow a stiff wing on her lower back."

Well, at least you don't shit out an egg like a chicken. Oh, god! That'd be horrible... the size of the egg!

"It takes about eight to twelve years for the wing to reach full size, and when they mature, they detach and turn into an egg. The egg incubates for another year or so, before the child comes out. The process is quite strenuous, and the mother has to regularly guide world energy into it."

"So, only one angel is required to hatch a child?"

"Yes... unless you consider the help received from your friends and family."

He suddenly reached down into his underwear and felt around, letting out a sigh of relief when he found what he was looking for. If this world was full of angels like Jie Er, it would've been a terrible injustice. <em>Am I the only male in the world? Am I even an angel? </em>

"What about 'Ellisandra'?" Jie Er asked, going back to the task of naming him.

That word made him reach a decision. There was no way he was going to let himself be named "Ariel" or "Ellisandra". He decided he could let this kind angel know a little about him, enough to let him name himself.

For some reason, he couldn't recall his original name. There were a bunch of names floating around in his head, but he did not feel a true connection with any of them. They were like words that suddenly seemed foreign, even when you may have used them your entire life.

It was strange, as he could remember a lot of information about life on Earth, including details of his own life, but he couldn't pinpoint his own name among them. Regardless, he felt that a fantasy world deserved an equally fantastical name.

"Um... Jie Er," he said, trying his best to sound like an adult, "I may have hatched into this world only a few minutes ago, but I have memories from another world. I think I must have lived there close to twenty years. In fact, I remember seeing a cake with the number '19' on it. Anyway, I'd prefer it if you called me 'Blaze'," he said. This name, he knew exactly what it was; it was a gaming name.

Blaze realized how insane he sounded, but there was a possibility that his words weren't as ridiculous to the angel. Maybe there are other Earthers or planet hoppers?

Jie Er stepped back and gave him a strange look, before nodding, contemplatively. Blaze had an inkling that she did not believe a word he had uttered, and that she most likely thought that his mind had been addled due to his strange hatching situation.

"Okay, Blaze. I do not mind calling you that, but you will call me 'Aunt Jie Er', or simply 'aunty'," she said, softly, but firmly, as if she was talking to a five-year-old.

"I really am an adult..." he sighed, realizing that he had already lost the battle. Jie Er's eyes shone with that crazy glint that women had whenever they saw something they needed to baby.

"No, you are not! Even if you really were a twenty-year-old, angels are not adults until they cross one hundred. I will be 166 this year! Child, you shall call me 'aunt' until you are old enough to fend for yourself," she said, flatly.

Blaze was baffled at that revelation. If she was really 166 years old, he was fine with calling her a granny- "mau" in their language. He also didn't see a point in arguing about his maturity before he understood more about the world. It was entirely possible that the angels were a higher echelon of beings, and human intellect was puerile in their perspective. So, he let out another sigh, and conceded.

"Okay, aunty!" he said, trying not to roll his eyes. He had always been quick at adapting to new and strange situations.

Jie Er smiled happily and pulled him into a hug, and his face plunged into the space between her cleavage. He felt his member rise as his arms intuitively wrapped around her waist. He felt the skin on the small of her back with his fingers. It was smooth, soft, and taut. He hugged her tight and wondered if angels could fuck.

He also felt a wonderful heat emanating from her; warm, comfortable, and personal. His heart loved the feeling almost as much as the one-eyed trouser snake in his panties.

"You like hugs, do you not, child? Aunty likes them too," she laughed heartily, when he didn't pull away after a few moments.

He stepped back and smiled at her sheepishly.

"Well, let us get going. We are a few yonders away from my home, and I wish to get there before dinner," Jie Er explained, once again manifesting her beautiful white wings.

They were a wonder to see; long and graceful, with a wingspan of 24 feet, and feathers that were sleek and perfectly groomedâ€” he couldn't see a single stray bristle.

"Aunty, I can't fly," Blaze said, reaching out to her wing and feeling her feathers. They were plush, soft, and beautifully white. She seemed to have no qualms with him touching her feathers. In fact, she gave him an encouraging nod when he reached out.

"I know, Blaze. You just hatched. It will take a while before you can fly," she said, walking up to the remains of his egg.

He had not paid it much attention earlier, but the egg was pretty, too. It was entirely covered in bright, orange-red bird-like hair, spattered with a few red and white feathers at the top and the bottom.

Jie Er looked at it contemplatively for a moment, before sweeping it into her space ring. The way the entire object disappeared was marvelous; magical, yet somehow natural.

Then, she turned around and opened her arms to him. "Hop on. I will carry you home."

Blaze stared at her incredulously. "Can I not hold on to your back, instead?"

"How will I move my wings, then? Do not feel shy. What is the difference between hanging on to my back or my front? Come now," she said, with palpable excitement. She seemed to be really getting into this parenting business.

Blaze hesitantly raised his arms and Jie Er swooped in to pick him up, like he was nothing but a mere child.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Now, hold on tight with all your limbs. If you get scared, please be careful to not choke me."

Blaze sighed and wrapped his legs around her, leaning to the side to allow her to see where she was going. Jie Er was only about fifteen inches taller than him, and was quite slender, so he felt quite weird about hanging onto her like a little kid.

"I think we need to figure out a be-" he tried to convince her, but she leapt into the air without warning. Her wings vigorously flapped, quickly taking them into the sky.

"You can ease up now," Jie Er said, tapping his back. He had wrapped his arms and legs around her like a frightened little child.

When she leveled out and seemed to reach a steady height, Blaze released one of the hands around her neck, and turned to watch the wondrous scenery below, as they soared under the white and fluffy clouds. Jie Er's flying was smooth, steady like a large ship in quiet waters.

Lush-green grasslands, knolls, and hills spread for miles on either side, while numerous streams and rivulets ran over small, tumbling, white rocks, cutting through the land to merge into a larger river in the south.

Bison that looked like nothing he had seen before, antelopes with two sets of horns, rabbits the size of dogs, and dogs roamed the abundant greenery. He spotted a few birds, too, but they were too far away for him to make out their exact size and appearance.

Blaze had been in airplanes before, but feeling the air rush around him, as he physically felt himself afloat in the sky, was an entirely different experience to that of being locked up in a large, metallic box and peering through a tiny, dirty window. For once, he felt one with the air, something that only a bird could feel.

Sighing in contentment, he simply enjoyed the experience, dearly wishing that, if nothing else, he would at least gain the ability to fly, soon.

***

Around half-hour later, Jie Er began to descend. She spiraled down and landed smoothly on an evenly cut lawn, enclosed within a twelve-foot high, reddish-brown brick wall of burnt clay.

"You can let go now, little Blaze," she said, bending her knees and setting him down.

Blaze let himself down, slowly and deliberately brushing his body against hers as much as possible. His hands landed on her butt, pretending to steady himself.

He was a bit embarrassed by his actions, so he quickly turned around.

In front of them was a small, single-storied cottage, adorned with flowering vines that crept along its walls. A lush lawn with immaculately arranged flowering shrubs sprawled around the cottage, which was surrounded by 4000 square feet of land that was enclosed by the outer walls.

Stone pathways cut across the area, but there was no gate attached to the walls. Why would angels need a doorway for walls meant to fence off land creatures?

To their left was a steaming pool of water, and to the right, was a small vegetable garden. Behind them, stood a large tree that looked like a cross between an oak and a banyan. Underneath it was a small, round, wooden table with a couple of chairs.

"It is a beautiful place," Blaze said, glancing at Jie Er's expectant face.

"Thank you! Let me show you in."

Blaze allowed her to lead while he feasted his eyes on her bare back. It was lean and plunged into a leaner waist that suddenly exploded into wide hips and a rounded butt, bulging high from the depths of her spine. Her hips held a graceful sway, while her long legs possessed a natural cat like gait. Blaze dearly wished that her long hair was at her front, not obstructing his view.

It was a cozy cottage. There was a small living room with a couple of couches and a wooden tea table. The kitchen included a round high-table and a couple of highchairs. To the right of the kitchen was a single room.

"Looks very comfortable, aunty, but I have a question. Where will I be sleeping?" The couches weren't big enough to sleep on and there only seemed to be one room.

"You can just sleep with me. We can add a new room for you, later. But you can sleep with me after that as well. I have a bed large enough for two," Jie Er said, plainly.

He gawked at her in disbelief. Does this angel have no boundaries? Anyway, he had no problems sharing a bed with her. <em>I would like another room, if I were to stay long term, though.</em>

"And is the bathroom in your room, too?" he asked, not finding one attached to the living room or the kitchen.

"Bathroom?"

"Yeah... a place where you clean yourself and other things."

"Oh, you can use the hot spring for that. There is no separate room for it."

"What about peeing and stuff...?" Blaze continued, exasperatedly.

"Whatever do you mean, child?" Jie Er tilted her head.

Blaze gave himself a moment to think. He repeated the words in his head and confirmed that he had used the correct words.

"Er... aunty, what happens to food after we eat it?"

He remembered that Jie Er had mentioned dinner, so he was sure that angels at least ate.

"It gets absorbed by the body," she answered.

"And, then what? Does anything come out afterwards?" he asked, growing a little impatient.

"Why would anything come out? If you eat something, it does not come out, unless you have eaten something you are not supposed to. Then, you simply throw up. Anything you consume gets turned into energy for the body," Jie Er answered, giving Blaze a sympathetic look. She now seemed sure that something had gone terribly wrong with his hatching.

"Umm... aunty? Do you have a hole between your butt-cheeks?" he finally asked. He felt extremely weird about asking such a question, but he needed to know.

"Yes, my child. It's called an anus. Everyone has one. We also have another larger opening in the front, called a vagina. We wear panties to cover them up," she explained, patiently.

"What is the purpose of an anus and vagina?" he asked, delicately.

"I do not think there is one, now. Like the belly button, they are relics of our past forms. At least, that is the scientific consensus, but no one can say for sure," she answered, with none of the embarrassment that Blaze was feeling.

"Ah!" Blaze exclaimed. Suddenly, everything fell in place. Angels were nothing like humans or any other biological lifeform that he knew of. It also seemed that they had evolved out of sexual and biological reproduction. Eating, manifesting wings, and even birth seemed to be done through "energy". Thus, there was no need to excrete anything. He just didn't understand why the angels were still top heavy, not that he was complaining- maybe it had something to do with flight.

"Have a seat, child," she said, directing him towards the dining room chairs. "You must be starving. I will make you some dinner and we can take a bath after we eat."

"Okay!" Blaze exclaimed. If he was going to be treated as a child, anyway, he decided that he might as well pretend to be one. It was safer, both for himself, and for the kind angel who had taken him in. There might be a reason behind his appearance in this world, and he needed to be sure that it was a benign one.

Jie Er prepared a meal of vegetable soup and oven-roasted potatoes, while she blabbered on about the world of angels. From what he could piece together, the continent they were living on was called "Azra-El", and the country was called "Aranya". Jie Er lived near a town called "Varan" and managed a small trading store at a local village, along with a small book printing company. He did not understand how those two went together, but he had more interesting things to ponder.

Soon, the meal was cooked, and Blaze ate it with gusto, as a ravenous hunger overtook him at the sight of food. He was like a newly hatched chick, one that could eat way more than one would think possible for its size.

He gulped down the rich soup, which was filled with a lot of vegetables, herbs, and spices, and a few chunks of meat of some kind, cooked together to an aromatic and savory perfection, and he also stuffed down the steaming hot potatoes. Jie Er ate along with him, but she spent more time watching him eat, rather than finishing her own portions. Blaze was amazed by how much caring and kindness this angel could show to a random person she simply happened upon.

"Alright then, ready for a hot bath?" she asked, once they finished their meal.

Blaze followed her out in both fear and anticipation. He would have asked to bathe alone, but if Jie Er was going to be his guardian/parent, she needed to know, for both their sakes.

Heat rose in his body, and he nervously followed her out of the house, to the pool. The sun had set while they were having dinner, and the steamy waters were illuminated by a lamppost that did not seem to need any oil or electricity.

"How is that powered?" he asked, as they stood by the edge of the pool.

Jie Er followed his gaze to the lamppost. "There is an energy stone embedded inside the lamp. It provides energy to the bulb."

"Is that magic?" he asked, impressed.

"No," she laughed, "just energy. Energy stones act as containers for energy, and thus, can be used to power lamps and other devices."

Blaze nodded, though he was a little confused by the technological level of the angels. He had not seen any modern appliances inside the cottage, but "energy stones" and "devices" sounded modern. Maybe they are like batteries? He had more questions, but he was distracted by his reflection in the water.

He was different; his frame was leaner, and his face was younger. His eyes were now green, and his hair was shoulder-length and a reddish-white in color. He also noticed that there wasn't a single hair anywhere else on his body.

"Out of your clothes, little Blaze," Jie Er told him, bringing him out of his musing.

Blaze looked at her and he couldn't control himself.

"Aunty, can I help remove your clothes, first?" he asked, his thoughts and body racing in arousal.

"Sure, but why?"

"I am just curious about your body," Blaze replied, stepping towards her. The statement was technically true; however, he was also a lot more than simply curious. "Let me figure out how to remove your clothes, too. I like a challenge!"

Jie Er nodded in accord, watching him with curiosity as he approached her breasts. She understood that newly hatched angels could be inquisitive about bodies, but she recognized that there was something different about his interest. However, she didn't mind a little physical intimacy and she had no inhibitions towards this <em>seemingly young</em> angel.

Blaze spread his fingers and placed his hands on her breasts. They were <em>soft</em>. Tremendously so. And, they were so large that they spilled out of his hands. Taking in the feeling of her skin, he gently squeezed, as his fingers were swallowed by the squishiness of her rack.

He squished and caressed a few times, before forcing himself to turn his attention to the strips of cloth that pretended to cover her. He gently picked up the edge of the strip covering her left nipple and peeled it off. The cloth had been hanging on as if it was held by some sort of magical suction force. A rosy pink bulb surrounded by an inch and half wide circle of lighter pink, popped out.

Resisting the intense urge to wrap his lips around her nipple, he moved onto the cloth clutching over her under-breast. The cloth only seemed to reach halfway to the center, but it somehow supported the breast's weight. He picked the edge and pulled it. It was a little stiff, but it detached.

Meanwhile, Jie Er watched his ears turn red with heat and excitement. Young angels were known to be curious about breasts, as they themselves didn't have them, but she didn't quite understand what this angel was feeling. He certainly did not seem simply curious.

Her breast reacted to gravity and jiggled under its heaviness. Pushing the strips of cloth aside, he plunged his hand into the naked skin. Its softness and the squishiness made his mind go stupid as he caressed the breast in its entirety. However, he was still gentle. He brushed her nipple with his thumb and then gently pinched it

"Mhm," a soft moan escaped Jie Er's lips, surprising herself.

She wanted him to do it again, but to her dismay, he moved to her other breast, and repeated the process of unclothing it with the same eagerness as before.

Finally, brushing the strips of cloth aside, he leaned in as his hands snaked their way to the collar around her neck. His face was between her breasts as he reached for the button at the nape of her neck. Popping it open, he pulled away the collar along with the strips of cloth.

Stepping back, he basked in the gloriousness of her nude breasts. They were large, plump, and perfectly shaped for their size.

"Voila!" Jie Er clapped her hands and her breasts bounced, "You figured it out."

Her simple, unwary, and feminine reaction made him embarrassed with himself, but he couldn't stop himself.

<em>What the hell am I doing? </em>he<em> </em>questioned himself, as his hands reached to the sides of her hips. He felt guilty about taking advantage of her naivety, but could it be called that? He was the only male in the world. He had to start somewhere. <em>But, Jie Er?</em>

Despite his doubt, he grabbed her feathered panties and gently pulled them down, bending his knees and staring directly into her nether region. The silk hugging her lower lips peeled away, teasingly slowly, to reveal a perfectly sculpted vagina.

Subconsciously, he reached out and touched her lower lips with his index finger. He was almost surprised to feel real skin instead of the sculpted stone his mind was expecting. Curbing the urge to explore further, he pulled her panties further down, and let her step out of them.

"Thank you, child. Now it's your turn," Jie Er told him, suddenly grabbing his tunic and pulling it off.

Blaze stepped back, looking at her timidly, his chest bare and his member raging in his underwear.

"What is wrong, child?" she asked.

"Aunty... I have something I am not supposed to," he said, trying to look a little guilty. He did not know how to approach the topic and decided to feign innocence.

"What do you mean?"

"Look!" he said, pulling down his underwear to reveal his penis. Embarrassment and fear of rejection had quickly calmed it down, back to its normal size.

Jie Er stared at his member in a daze. She had never seen anything like it. Her eyes switched between his face and his groin, in confusion, before pity filled her face. To her, he was a motherless angel-child who had just hatched, and that too, with a deformity.

She rushed towards him and drew him into a mighty hug, once again surprising him.

"I am so sorry, Blaze! But, it is okay," she tried to comfort him, gently rubbing his back. "I do not care. No one else needs to know. You are perfect just the way you are."

Blaze had not been expecting pity, nor did he want it. He had only wanted her to know in case it got her in trouble. Nonetheless, he accepted her comforting.

"Let us just take a bath, little one. It will make you feel a lot better," she said gently, after a moment.

Blaze nodded and pulled away, immediately stepping into the pool. He didn't want her to see his erect penis.

Jie Er stepped into the pool, with her hips swaying and her breasts bouncing provocatively. She sat down next to him and her breasts heaved forward slightly before settling back down as she leaned against the embankment. She placed an arm around him and drew him close.

Blaze could not resist, as a perverted plan began to take shape in his brain.

He leaned his head against her breast, as she rubbed his shoulder with her left hand. They rested in the comforting heat of the waters as he went over his next move, while Jie Er pondered over her new child's unexplained deformity.

"Aunt Jie Er..." he began, after a few minutes.

Yes, little Blaze?"

"Thank you!" he told her.

"Of course, dear," Jie Er replied, cupping his cheeks, and turning his face around, before planting a kiss on his forehead.

Blaze was stunned. He suddenly felt very guilty about what he was planning. The motherly nature of her gesture had been obvious. He struggled with his conscience for a few minutes.

<em>Ugh. Fine! I won't go all the way, </em>his mind bargained with his principles. <em>But, I am at least getting her to jerk me off. Otherwise, I am gonna have blue balls until I can get some privacy. </em>

Privacy, at least for now, did not seem likely in Jie Er's house.<em> </em>

"Aunt Jie Er? Can I play with your breasts?" Blaze asked, pulling away from her embrace. Her half-submerged nipples danced about the surface of the water.

"Of course, dear, as long as you are not too rough," Jie Er replied, sitting up straight and giving him more access. It seemed like she wished to explore that little moment of pleasure that she had experienced when she felt his fingers on her nipples.

Blaze's hands quickly reached for bosom, cupping her breasts, and gently brushing them. He lightly pinched her nipples and began to slowly knead through her squishy skin, relishing the fullness in his palms.

"Mmmm..." Jie Er moaned softly. Blaze looked into her clear blue eyes, and slowly moved his mouth to her bulging left nipple. He took the whole of her areola and more into his mouth, and embraced her skin with his tongue.

Jie Er was surprised by his almost animalistic action but she let him continue. A strange and inexplicable arousal began rising inside her and she wanted to explore more of it. It wasn't anything like she had felt before, and it felt very good.

He licked and flicked his tongue over her nipple, and Jie Er couldn't help but let out another quiet moan.

A minute went by, before he squeezed her breast with his hand, forcing more of it into his mouth. He started sucking on it as he set a steady rhythm of squeezing and sucking. Jie Er's moans turned more frequent, and after another couple of minutes, he switched to her other breast and repeated the process. By the end of the second session, Jie Er's moans were almost continuous, while Blaze felt a saturation in his arousal.

"Thank you for letting me play with them," he said, pulling away and donning an innocent expression.

His seat on her thighs was exceptionally comfortable, and his member was now engorged and poking into her stomach. Jie Er, however, seemed completely unaware of it.

"That felt really good for me too. Thank you, Blaze Er," she panted. She seemed a little confused by everything.

<em>Blaze Er? </em>He wondered for a second, but he currently had other things to focus on.

He looked down at his penis and exclaimed loudly, "<em>Aunty</em>, there seems to be something wrong with my <em>thing</em>!"

Jie Er glanced down and immediately noticed its size. It was vastly engorged and peeking out of the water. She also remembered it to have been flaccid. Now, it was <em>much</em> longer and standing erect. Its girth had increased a lot as well.

Worried, she quickly made him stand up to his feet, to stare right into the face of his dick.

"It feels very weird, aunty!" he rushed her.

Jie Er observed it for a moment, before tentatively reaching her index finger and touching it. It reacted, and she jerked back her finger.

"Please, just feel it and see what's wrong with it!" he asked, pretending to be anxious.

Jie Er steeled herself and gently pressed her fingers around his girth. She felt and tested its stiffness all along its length.

"It's so thick and hard, Blaze," she murmured. For some reason, she was fascinated by it.

"Aunty, that feels good! Do it more," he pleaded, getting into his little act. It added to his arousal.

Jie Er repeated, initially feeling him with just her fingers before Blaze made her wrap her entire hand around it.

"Massage it, please. That makes it feel better," he encouraged.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Jie Er kneaded it, before beginning to slowly pump it up and down. It began to feel even hotter under her touch.

"Aunty... Can you kiss it for me?"

Jie Er looked at Blaze's "innocent" face, his green eyes staring down at her with an expectant look. Her gaze was drawn back to his cock, positioned right in front of her face as she pumped it with her soft hand. She tentatively leaned in to kiss the tip and looked up to watch his expression. She heard him moan slightly as her lips caressed his penis, and took this as encouragement to continue, as she smooched it once more, and then again.

"Lick it please, aunty!"

Jie Er felt very confused, but she wanted to make his condition better, so she complied. She also felt a strong inexplicable urge to put it in her mouth and wondered how it would feel.

She extended a pink tongue and gingerly licked the hole at the tip.

Once more, she fixed her eyes upon him, to see if what she was doing seemed to help.

Blaze stood there and gazed upon her blue eyes affixed on his in a wide-eyed and concerned look, watching her inexperienced attempts to lick his member.

"Like this?" she asked, running her tongue around his tip.

"More please!"

Jie Er licked the tip a little more, placing her tongue flush along its width and slightly swirling it around. Blaze groaned appreciatively as the hot and wet sensation of her tongue massaged his head.

On her own volition, she began to lick and caress his whole member, encouraged by his moans of pleasure. <em>When I do this, I should pay attention to the whole thing, not just the tip</em>, she thought to herself. <em>Maybe it will happen again? </em>She half wanted it to happen again.

"Aunty, can you suck on it like I sucked on your nipples?" he asked, trying his best to retain the innocence in his voice.

Jie Er quickly obliged and enclosed her lips around his tip, closing her eyes momentarily as she focused on wrapping her lips over her teeth. The sensation was hot against her lips, and she could feel its rhythmic lurch in her mouth. She sucked on it slowly, while constantly licking, her gaze upon it as she concentrated on her motions.

Blaze gently pushed himself deeper into her mouth, until almost three inches were inside her.

She felt his member push deeper, gliding along towards the back of her tongue; her mouth felt hot and full. Blue eyes shone up at him, as he pushed deeper into her mouth, hoping that taking him deeply like this was the proper way. He then started pumping it in and out as Jie Er held on to his butt cheeks. She felt slightly breathless at this large, hard, and fiery organ in her mouth, and began to concentrate on breathing through her nose.

Her plump breasts swayed slightly as he looked upon this gorgeous, platinum-blonde-haired angel as he thrust into her mouth. He could hear the audible sound of her breathing through her nose and the wet slurping, as she sucked on him and ran her tongue along the underside of his member.

The tension in his penis slowly built up, as he pumped her hot, wet mouth, and was astonished at how quickly she was learning to pleasure him. Her innocent stare and sparkling blue eyes stirred him even more and soon he couldn't hold on anymore.

Almost uncontrollably, he pushed his entire length into her until he hit the back of her mouth. Jie Er's eyes widened and just as she was about to push him away, Blaze came inside her. She felt streams of warm liquid hit the back of her mouth and run down her throat as he spasmed four jets of semen.

"I am so sorry! Did I hurt you?" he asked, guiltily, quickly pulling out. In the height of his orgasm, he hadn't been able to control himself. It was strange as he could not recall having such a lack of control, from the hazy memories he still retained from previous life on Earth.

Jie Er coughed a little, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. Though his abrupt burst had surprised her, the liquid itself felt warm and comfortable, flowing down her throat.<br ><br >"It is okay, Blaze Er. It seemed like you were not in control. Something came out of your thing, though. I swallowed a lot of it," she replied breathlessly, as she gazed at his penis, the sweetness and tartness of his essence still upon her tongue.

"It feels much better now. Thank you!" Blaze replied, as his penis visibly relaxed and shrank.

"Looks like it... I wonder what happened. Anyway, we now know that if it happens again, I need to lick, and suck on it until I swallow what comes out," Jie Er said innocently with a smile as she patted his shaft.

Bereft of his arousal, guilt finally hit him. <em>What am I doing?</em> Jie Er had been so kind to him, and he felt horrible about the deception. He immersed himself back into the water, trying to move away from the angel. However, Jie Er grabbed his hand, and pulled him back onto her lap and her warm embrace. It seemed it was too late for him to be embarrassed over such things.

After another fifteen minutes of soaking in silence, Jie Er decided it was time to head back.

Her voluptuous, protruding ass bounced slightly as she stepped out of the water, and the way the water dribbled down her skin was almost mesmerizing. However, this time, Blaze kept his gaze away.

Once dried and dressed, they went back into the living room of the cottage, and they sat on the sofas, while Blaze asked Jie Er various things about his new world.

She talked about angels and demons; of pixies and fairies, who were as similar to one another as they were different; of mermaids, and their variety of sub-races; of djinn who floated rather than fly in the skies; of the Yakshas of the rainforests; of Pegasi and Gryphons that served as steeds; of xenodons, large carnivorous cats; and of Quetzals, the largest and most dangerous flying creatures of the continent. Everything she spoke about filled him with awe, and he couldn't control the urge to explore and witness the wonders of this new world that he found himself in.

Soon, however, it was time for bed, and Jie Er ushered him into her bedroom, despite his weak protests. He wanted to sleep beside her, but he was afraid of what he may do, and in that moment he was unsure of doing such things with this angel, who seemed to view him as a child who she needed to protect.

Her bedroom consisted of a massive 10x10 foot feather bed, a large wooden wardrobe, a dressing table with a mirror and a chair, and finally, a golden lyre that was leaning against the bed.

Jie Er climbed into the bed, pulled the covers over herself, and invited him in. Blaze got in but tried to keep as much of a distance from her as possible.

"Good night, Aunt Jie Er!" he said, closing his eyes.

"Good night, Blaze Er," Jie Er replied, placing a gentle hand over his shoulder. She may have pulled him into her bosom, if not for the fact that she seemed to sense his sudden reticence.

Blaze fell asleep, thinking and half-hoping that he would wake up to realize that it had all been a wonderful, fantastical dream.

oOo
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 02|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Edited</strong>

<strong>Note to new readers: </strong>Since I had initially planned this novel on a whim, the earlier chapters aren't as good as the later ones. The writing and story get increasingly better. Thanks for reading.

<strong>Author's Notes: </strong>Whoa! I did not realize that this story has been posted. I apologize for the long gap between the chapters. The story did not get published for about a week, and then I kinda stopped checking. It was a pleasant surprise to suddenly find so many views, reviews and followers.

I did not think that the story deserved as much credit as it received. Please free to give suggestions but do keep in mind that I am doing this for fun and cannot invest a great amount of time on it. It already takes me a few of days of nonstop writing to write a single chapter. Hopefully, I get better with practice.

Thank you for the reviews. I realize that story needs quite a bit of proof reading. I've tried doing it by myself, but I guess it's not enough. Considering the nature of the 'work', I can't really share it with my friends. But if anyone wants to volunteer as a proofreader, I'd gladly welcome them. Meanwhile, I will look for some volunteer proofreaders on literotica.

Zeff999 -- I do have a clear plan for the story. I may not be a great writer, but I consider myself a good story teller :P. Please keep reading.

<strong>PS</strong>: The main character is gonna be cross dressing for a while. Where is he going to get a set of male clothes in a world of females? I don't have a thing for it, but if it gets you going -- good for you! :P.

***

When Blaze woke up the next morning, Jie Er was waiting for him in the kitchen with a breakfast of eggs and bread. She was wearing a feathered push up and strapless bra, and a pair of low hanging skimpy panties. A silken translucent skirt covered her butt but was open at the front.

Blaze wondered if all angels dressed like her or if his angel was just a pervert.

"Morning' dear. Breakfast?" she said with a warm smile.

"I have to go to work, little one, but I will try to be back early. I don't want to leave you by yourself on your first day after hatching, but I don't have much choice. You have much to learn about the world, and I will start teaching you after I get back. Meanwhile, here is one of my family's secret arts. Read it if you get bored" Jie Er said, handing a big silver covered book to Blaze.

<em>Swift Wing Style</em>

"What's this?"

"It's a method of fighting with wings. I inherited it from my mother. You will inherit it from me, once you learn to manifest your wings" Jie Er replied.

<em>What's up with this angel? She doesn't even know me, yet she is giving me access to a secret art? Is she just naÃ¯ve or do angels live up to their reputation? I guess, I am a newborn in her eyes.</em>

"umm... Aunty, I am not sure if I am capable of manifesting wings..." Blaze replied. Just because he had a new body did not mean he could fly. He could still be a human.

"Of course, you can" Jie Er started, but then paused to seemingly check for something inside of him.

"Phew, I am pretty sure you can. I can sense the energy inside of you. All it will take is some effort" she replied after a moment.

Blaze nodded with apparent relief. He wasn't sure about what else he had inherited from Earth; besides his memories and an all-important organ. But it seemed like his body might in fact be that of an angel. That arose the question of whether he was born or transported. The egg he had popped out of seemed to imply the former.

"Umm... Aunty. Can you get me some clothes that are my size? I would prefer some pants and shirts. I don't really wanna go out in these." Blaze asked her after a moment.

"We can go shop for some, this weekend. But, I cannot let you keep wearing shifts. You need to start getting used to tops like these. Your breasts will grow, and they will need proper support. As for your panties, I will try to get something that will suit your... uhh... condition" Jie Er replied firmly.

Blaze blanched. He quickly tried to convince her otherwise, but she remained adamant.

"How about this Aunty? Let me wear shifts or shirts until I start showing signs of growing breasts. If they do, I promise I will listen to you. But until then, let me wear these. I really don't think I will ever grow breasts" Blaze said emphatically.

Jie Er pondered for a moment before she relented.

"Help yourself to the food in the pantry, little one. Feel free to make yourself at home." Jie Er told Blaze as she got up to leave and he followed her to see her off.

"Keep to the house for today. You can venture out by yourself after you manifest your wings and learn more about the world. Now come and give your Aunty a hug" Jie Er opened her arms and told him as she materialized and unfurled her wings.

Blaze stepped into her arms and planted a quick peck on her cheek.

Jie Er was surprised for a moment, but she kissed him back on his forehead and then flapped her wings to take off into the skies.

Blaze let out a heavy sigh as he gazed at her disappearing form. He vowed to treat her well before he went back inside to read the book. It wasn't like he had anything better to do. He was curious about the world, but he wasn't stupid enough to wander around without gathering more information about it.

It was past noon before Blaze set down the book. He learned a lot about wing forms, wing control, wing positions and so on. There was also a bit about energy manipulation, but most of it was related to wings. He wondered why Jie Er hadn't given him a book on energy manipulation. It seemed like the precursor to wing manifestation.

After a quick lunch, Blaze started experimenting with the energy the book mentioned. He could vaguely feel from the world. It was akin to the muggy feeling one gets from being in highly humid conditions.

However, he felt it not through his lungs but through a new organ that seemed to be present at the center of his forehead. He had only noticed it after reading about it in the book. It was apparently called Anja.

Blaze tested and prodded it, trying to get a feel for it. But, it proved difficult as it was internal. Soon, however, he felt a thin but steady flow of energy flowing into the organ. It felt more like a type of a nose used to breath in energy rather than a contain it.

As he started 'inhaling' this energy, he started sensing a couple of empty feeling receptacles on his back; at the ends of his scapula. His body seemed to possess a natural channel from his forehead to these receptacles. And as the energy flowed into them, he started feeling a couple of growth on his back.

Jubilant, he pulled off his shift and rushed into the bedroom.

He looked at himself in the dressing table's mirror and continued channeling the energy. A pair of tiny bright orangish red feathery protrusions started sprouting from his scapula.

They seemed very real, but they were just a condensation of energy. The 'wings' grew a couple of inches before Blaze started getting tired. However, he relentlessly pushed himself trying to make them bigger. He couldn't fly with two-inch wings and he really wanted to fly.

He managed to put on another inch before he was completely drained. Somewhat elated, he flopped on the bed and fell asleep.

He woke up a couple of hours later and immediately started practicing again. The joy he felt at the realization that he could fly, left him no room for restraint. This time, he managed to get them to a size of four inches before he had to stop.

Jie Er came back an hour or so before sunset. She opened her arms invitingly, and Blaze unabashedly walked into her hug. She crushed his face into her pushed up breasts, before planting a quick peck. He felt the softness of her lips on his, but she pulled back before he could explore further.

"Howz my little Blaze's day been?" she asked as she held on to him, while his hands slowly creeped up her skirt and into her panties, to squeeze her butt cheeks. She seemed used to it by now.

"Aunty! Look at this!" Blaze exclaimed before turning around and manifesting his wings.

"Oh My!" she exclaimed as his tiny wings popped into existence.

"How did this happen?" she questioned, reaching out to feel them; her face filled with disbelief.

"I read your book, and kinda just experimented"

"Blaze! Do you know how long it takes for angels to be able to manifest their wings? This is strange..." Jie Er started but trailed off with a look of contemplation in her eyes.

"It doesn't matter" she continued after a moment. "Now, put your wings away. You will tire yourself out. Here, wear these, and we shall go out and teach you some energy manipulation" Jie Er said pulling out a set of clothes from her ring.

"What is that, aunty?" Blaze asked. He had a guess on what it was, but he wanted to make sure.

"Spatial ring... I will get you one later. It lets you hold items in a pocket dimension. You don't feel the weights of the objects you put into them" Jie Er replied nonchalantly.

Blaze nodded and started checking out his new clothes. They were a set of white cotton panties and tight-fitting half tank tops.

"Aunty..." Blaze protested.

"I am not hearing it! I searched for quite a while before I could find them. They are somewhat old fashioned but at least they should be more to your liking. They will help you remain streamlined in flight. Don't argue unless you want to wear something like mine" Jie Er replied, leaving no room for argument.

Blaze sighed and nodded begrudgingly. At least they weren't technically brassiere. If not for the panties, he could've pulled of being a hip dude from the 80s.

"Why the heck do you care so much about streamlining, anyway?"

"Because the Swift Wing Style focuses on increasing your speed. I don't care about other things, but you shall try to be your best at it"

Blaze sighed again and glared at the clothes.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Change into them!" Jie Er insisted.

"Here?"

Jie Er just looked at him quizzically.

<em>I guess there isn't anything to hide. </em>Blaze thought to himself and removed his clothes before donning the new set. They fit nicely enough, but he couldn't get rid of the 'queer' feeling.

"Not bad. They suit you quite well. Let's go..." Jie Er said with a satisfied look, before leading him out.

For the next hour she taught him how to condense and manipulate energy. She made him condense a glowing and sizzling ball of pure energy within his hands and taught him how to stabilize the form and reduce the energy loss. By the end of the training session, he could maintain a six-inch sphere of energy with almost minimal continuous input.

"You are amazing at this Blaze! I reckon you will be flying in no time!" Jie Er exclaimed happily as the two of them went back inside.

Blaze played around with his energy ball as Jie Er finished cooking their dinner. They quickly finished their meal and headed out to take a bath.

"Lemme help you Aunty" Blaze said, as he put his chin between Jie Er's cleavage and reached around to unclasp her push up bra. He paused for a moment before freeing her breasts from the it's grasp. He chucked the piece of clothing aside and relished the sight before bending to pull down her panties. Jie Er stepped out of them and then helped remove Blaze's clothes before entering the pool.

This time, Blaze immediately sat on top of her, straddling her thighs and resting his face against her chest, with her breasts against his chest. He put his arms around the small of her back and hugged himself into her.

Jie Er gently splashed the water against his back with one hand while caressing his butt with the other. His member, which was pressed against her stomach started to rise.

After a few minutes of silent companionship, Blaze started playing around with her breasts again. He reiterated the previous night's procedure and thoroughly caressed, squeezed, stroked, licked and sucked on them before he was finally satisfied. He even payed attention to the space in between her breasts.

"Aunty Jie Er... Can I... umm... observe your vagina?" Blaze lifting his head from between her breasts; his hands still on them.

"Are you curious? I don't mind..." Jie Er responded with glazed eyes. She had quite enjoyed Blaze's ministrations on her breasts and had been letting out an occasional moan.

Blaze nodded.

"Get off me for a second then"

Blaze obliged and Jie Er climbed on to the bank. She sat on the stony embankment and leaned back on her hands. She swished her half-wet hair to the back, and partially opened her legs.

Blaze who was sitting in the water was blasted with an unhindered view. Her vagina, despite her spread legs, was a single slit that disappeared between her butt cheeks. There was no puffiness to her lips and it was as if it had been carved out of marble.

Blaze sucked in deep. He couldn't resist leaning in. The wetness around her slit seemed to have a glaze to it. <em>Angels can cum? Was she like this yesterday too?</em> Jie Er had been moaning, but Blaze didn't think she was excited.

A light aromatic smell wafted from her lips. He knew that no vagina had ever smelled like it.

He extended his index finger and gingerly felt the slit and the surrounding area. It was as smooth as skin could be. He cupped it with his fingers and caressed it, before gently spreading her lips apart.

The inside was a light pink and was slightly glazed with vaginal lubrication. He suddenly leaned forward and gave a single lick along the length of her slit. <em>Strawberry!</em> -- not too sweet and not too tangy.

"That tickles!" Jie Er giggled.

"Aunty! Can I suck on your vagina?" Blaze asked her earnestly.

"I guess..."

"Please lie down, Aunty!" Blaze replied emphatically. Jie Er complied, and her knees spread apart a little more, slightly opening the hole between her legs.

Blaze wrapped his arms around her thighs and pulled her to himself. He imprinted the view into his memory and plunged his mouth onto her slit.

He sucked on her vagina and caressed it with his tongue. The perfumelike smell, the strawberry taste and the knowledge that it was an angel's pussy almost made him cum. After a couple of minutes of sucking, Blaze lightly pushed his tongue into her slit. He heard a lustful moan and he suddenly felt her hand in his hair, pushing his head lightly into herself.

Taking it as permission, he penetrated his tongue into her folds. He could instantly feel the tightness and the pressure of her walls against his tongue. It made him wonder how it would feel to have his penis inside of her. He brushed that thought aside and started darting his tongue in and out of her.

Before long, he tasted a steady flow of sweet liquid and her moans gained a rhythm. He started lapping against her lips; continuously varying the movement of his tongue.

He pushed in &amp; pulled out. He swirled his tongue around. He caressed her lips and kissed them.

Soon, Jie Er's moans reached a fever pitch and on one final shove of his tongue, her back suddenly arched upwards as her head fell back.

"Ahhh!" she moaned loudly before her entire body spasmed, letting out more fluid into his mouth. She held onto his head with a hand and spasmed continuously for a few moments of pure bliss. Blaze drank her liquid and only lifted his head when she stopped spasming.

"I am sorry, Blaze! I don't know what came over me" Jie Er gasped with astonishment, as she looked into his eyes. She seemed to be in a daze.

"It's okay. It seems like you enjoyed it. I would love to do it again if you want it" Blaze replied innocently.

Jie Er's already flush face blushed even more, and she couldn't understand why. She simple nodded in response. She held her gaze down and suddenly spotted Blaze's engorged penis.

"Oh No! Your thing is acting up again..." she exclaimed with worry.

Blaze looked down and suddenly didn't know what to say.

"Stand up!" Jie Er told him as she scooted towards him.

Blaze got up to his feet, and Jie Er grasped his member without any warning. She looked at its head and noticed his pre-cum. Something clicked in her brain. She leaned in and enclosed her lips around the head. She licked the pre-cum off with her tongue before pulling back and tasting it.

"Hmmm. It doesn't taste bad. Is this what came out of me?" she muttered to herself before putting his penis back into her mouth.

Soon, Jie Er was busy sucking and licking on his penis. She even used a hand to occasionally pump it while constantly caressing his balls with the other. It was almost as if she intuitively knew what to do.

Slowly, she felt Blaze being pushed to his limits as she simultaneously took in more and more of his member into his mouth. Finally, he reached a crescendo and burst into her mouth.

When he pulled out, she tasted it for a moment before swallowing it.

"Why did you swallow it?" Blaze panted.

"I think it's some form of energy. I didn't want to waste it"

Blaze gaped at her.

"Oh look! More is leaking out!" she exclaimed before grabbing his dick again and proceeding to lick it clean. She then wiped her mouth with some water and did the same with his penis.

"I think we better finish up now. I have soap! I will show you how to use it" Jie Er smiled at him, bringing out a bucket, a mug and a bar of soap out of her spatial ring.

<em>I guess I will be coming twice tonight</em>

***

Jie Er led them to a big rock at the side and explained to Blaze about the purpose of soap and how to use it, while her pretended ignorance. It would be much more fun to fumble around with the soap.

"Have a seat on the rock, little Blaze" Jie Er told him as she filled up the bucket.

She poured a couple of mugs of hot water over him, drenching him from head to toe. She took out a bluish liquid and scrubbed his hair with it before washing his face with the soap. She lathered up the soap with her hands and applied it gently over his chest and back. She washed it all away and then told him to stand, while she took a seat on the rock.

She pulled him closer and applied the soap to his legs. She gently rubbed his penis and balls with the soap. She then made him turn around and applied the soap to his butt and anus, gently rubbing it. She even put the tip of her finger inside to apply the soap. She then washed it all away.

"Oh dear, it's up again!" Jie Er exclaimed, noticing his once again erect penis.

"It's alright aunty, let me help you wash up first. You can take care of it after"

"Are you sure?"

Blaze nodded and grabbed the mug from her. He poured a couple of mugs over her, before emptying the bucket on her. He then went and brought another bucket of water.

He then climbed on to the rock behind her, took the shampoo and lathered her long and full hair, all the way to her tips. He cherished the feel of her thick and smooth hair in his hands. He washed it and then brushed it to the front, revealing her smooth white back that curved massively at her hips and rose into a full rounded butt. Her nape was thin and long,

He lathered up the soap spread it over her back, ignoring her butt for the moment. He hugged her from behind and spread the soap over her breasts, paying extra attention to them. He squeezed and caressed them a few times, but he did not take it too far.

He then stepped over to her front and applied the soap all the way from her collar bones to her hips. He gently caressed her springy stomach and cleaned her belly button with a finger. Finally, he pushed her knees apart and spread the soap on her pussy while cupping it with his fingers, lightly penetrating his middle finger.

"Stand up and turn around, aunty" he ordered her, and she obeyed.

"Now, please place your hands on the rock and push your legs towards me. Spread them apart so that they are a good height for me" Blaze explained.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Jie Er wasn't really sure about what he was up to but she decided to humor him.

She placed her elbows on the rock and spread her legs wide, giving Blaze a splendid view of both her anus and vagina. The anus smelled nice too. <em>I guess it would if they never used it. </em>

Blaze rubbed his soap covered fingers on her butt cheeks, squeezing them without abandon. He inserted a couple of fingers between her butt-crack and applied the soap to her hole. He caressed it with a finger before moving on.

By this point, his penis was fully engorged. He applied some soap to it and placed it between her butt crack and started rubbing himself against her. Jie Er patiently suffered through his work without making a comment.

Feeling a little guilty at her innocent compliance, he soon stopped himself. However, he couldn't resist himself from applying a little more soap to her vagina.

He reluctantly moved on to her legs and applied the soap from her hips to toes. He made her sit on the rock and took a step back to observe his 'work' before he washed.

"All Clean!" Blaze replied with gusto, after emptying the second bucket.

"Perfect!" Jie Er clapped and pulled him into her lap. He straddled her thighs and stared back into her eyes.

"I wanna kiss you" he asked her, unable to resist her eyes and lips.

"Anytime"

He leaned in and pressed his lips against hers. They were smooth and luscious. He held her head between his hands and slowly started sucking on her lower lip. Jie Er was a little confused but she liked how it felt.

He moved to her upper lip while Jie Er slowly got the hang of it. She responded by sucking on his lower lip. Soon, Blaze's tongue made its way into her mouth. Her soft wet tongue gingerly brushed against his and she tasted like a sweet strawberry.

Soon both of their tongues were rolling around as they licked, sucked and snogged at each other with abandon. They only broke apart a couple of minutes later, gasping for air.

"That was an amazing kiss!" Jie Er exhaled.

"It was!" Blaze replied.

"Now, let me take care of your thing" Jie Er told him while pushing him off her lap. She could feel it erect and poking against her stomach.

She appraised his proud member for a moment before immediately taking it into her mouth. She had gained some experience and within a few minutes, Blaze exploded into her.

She held his member with a hand and squeezed the residual semen out of his member before licking it all clean.

Blaze was completely drained. It had been a long day.

"I am tired, aunty" Blaze told her, as he climbed on top off her and hugged her. Once he got over his inhibitions, he was having fun being pampered.

She caressed him on the back for a moment before she grabbed him by the butt and picked him up. She took him to the bedroom and dried him with a towel before doing the same to herself.

She donned on a butt length shift before giving a similar one to Blaze. She had decided to skip on panties that night. <em>Maybe she feels panties are unnecessary with a butt length shift</em>?

Blaze climbed into the bed with her and snuggled into her breasts. She drew him close and hugged him. Blaze grabbed her thigh, lifted it and placed it over his hips as he sneaked his leg between her thighs. He felt her slit against the top of his thigh as he grabbed her butt with his hand. Jie Er curled her leg around his and pulled a blanket over them. She planted a goodnight kiss on his forehead and the two of them soon drifted off into sleep.

***

When Blaze woke up the next morning, Jie Er was sleeping on her side with her back towards him. The shift had drifted up to her waist and her slightly curled form made her butt push into his nether regions. The mere thought of it made his dick rise and it naturally pushed itself in between her cheeks.

Unable to resist, he sneaked his hand up the front of her shift and cupped her lower breast as he hugged her from behind. With his face against her soft hair, he slowly started grinding against her as he massaged and squeezed her breast. Half of him was hoped that she would wake up and the other half hoped she wouldn't.

When Jie Er didn't show any signs of awakening, he wet his penis with his saliva and gently lifted her thigh a little. He pushed his member between the gap and let go of her thigh.

He felt her slit against the length of his penis, but he made no attempt to penetrate. He grabbed her breast again and once more started his grinding. The saliva acted as a lubricant as he moved his penis to and fro against her slit.

After a couple of minutes, Jie Er suddenly turned over on her chest, with a leg splayed away from her. With his hand caught underneath her breast, Blaze rose up and lay on her large but narrow back. He attempted to push his penis back into the place it was, but it got caught at her butt hole. Thankfully, it was too tight for a sudden insertion and he managed to get it away and place it back against her slit.

Settling himself on top of her, Blaze straddled her and pushed her hair aside. With the glorious view of her nape, he started humping into her thighs. Unfortunately, it only lasted for a few moments before Jie Er woke up.

"What are you doing, child?" Jie Er asked groggily as her eyes fluttered open

"I... I am sorry..." Blaze stuttered, suddenly feeling very guilty. He had let himself get caught in the heat of passion.

Jie Er considered their positions for a moment before she felt his member between her thighs. Understanding seemed to dawn on her.

"Is your thing acting up again?" she asked him kindly.

Blaze hid his face against her nape in embarrassment and nodded.

"Get off me, little Blaze. I will help you with it"

Blaze savored the position for a moment before he got off her.

Jie Er made him lie on his back and spread his legs open. She sat on her knees and positioned herself between his legs. She grabbed his erect penis with a hand, took it in her mouth and started sucking on it.

Blaze stared at her dumbstruck as she pushed his foreskin down with her lips and started licking and sucking on his head.

"Can you look at me while you do it, aunty?" he asked her after a while. Jie Er obliged.

Looking into her ocean blue eyes, as her mouth went up and down the length of his penis, Blaze reached a climax within a couple of minutes. With one jerking motion, he came profusely into her mouth. Jie Er took it all in as usual and after tasting it for a moment, swallowed his cum.

"Thank you, aunty!" Blaze exclaimed as Jie Er wiped her mouth and his dick with the hem of her shift.

Jie Er responded with a wonderful smile.

Looking at her gentle face, Blaze couldn't help himself from jumping up and hugging her tight.

"Let's go make some breakfast!" Jie Er muttered, as she gently patted his back.

***

The next couple of days, until the weekend, followed a similar routine to the first. Blaze continued to learn more about the world of Azra-El, while bonding with Jie Er. He made her suck him off twice a day and he took advantage of her plenty more times, but he resisted from taking it to the last mile.

He had promised himself that he wouldn't connive her into having actual sex. He wouldn't penetrate her until she asked for it. He knew it was stupid because angels did not know anything about sex, but the way Jie Er treated him made him take on such a vow.

"Get ready, little Blaze. I am taking you to town today. Wear your halter top and my feather panties" Jie Er told him as she finished sucking him off, on the morning of Loredas* (Saturday).

She was sitting on spread knees and her shift had slipped down on one side to reveal the top of her left nipple. It was quite a sight.

"What about breakfast?" Blaze sighed. He really needed better options for clothing.

"We can eat out in the town. I am going to take you to a restaurant. It will be a treat!" Jie Er replied happily as she discarded her clothes and started browsing through her wardrobe.

Soon, the two of them were set to go out for the day. Jie Er wore a golden cloth collar from which two long streams of thin white silk flowed down to cover her free hanging breasts. They then wrapped around to her back and converged into a single stream under the small of her back.

The single stream of cloth pulled up her butt crack to cover her vagina. A little over her nub, the cloth split again into two. Jie Er wrapped these two strips, in a V shape, around her waist and tied them into a knot at the back. She also wrapped herself in a low hanging semi-transparent skirt with a slit in the middle.

"What happened to streamlining, aunty?" Blaze asked her cynically as they walked out.

"It's my day off" Jie Er replied, manifesting her wings.

Blaze clambered onto her and the two of them took to the skies.

Within twenty minutes of flying, the town of Varan appeared over the horizon.

It was spread over an area of about a square mile and was surrounded by a twenty-foot-high wall. An occasional guard, holding a spear, patrolled over the walls. As the two of them flew over it, the nearby guard gave them a cursory glance before minding her own business.

The town was sprawled with neat but colorful single storied houses. Ordered and cobblestoned streets led to the center of the town, which seemed to harbor all the important buildings. Adult angels bustled around, flying over the houses and streets, while the wingless children used the streets.

No one was under four and a half feet tall, and all the adults were over 6'6. Although he spotted a couple of fully clothed angels, skimpiness seemed to be the general fashion.

The two of them first stopped by a cafÃ© and had their breakfast. A pink haired waitress served them their food, and to Blaze's surprise she did not look at him any differently. If anything, her gaze only lingered over his 'old-fashioned' halter top for a second, before she smiled at him like she was smiling at a child.

After breakfast, Jie Er flew him to <em>Agatha's Tailoring &amp; Readymade Store.</em>

"Jie Er!", a purple haired angel rushed over to greet them. She was very beautiful by earth standards, but not so much when compared to Jie Er. She had light purple colored almond eyes, a thin slightly downturned nose, highly arched eyebrows and red lips like a recurve bow. She was wearing a purple half corset with a completely exposed cleavage. A pair of purple bikini panties and a transparent skirt wrap covered her bottom. A thin silk shawl went around her shoulders and underneath her arms.

"Agatha! It's been a while. How are you!?" Jie Er replied happily, giving her a hug and holding her hands.

Blaze looked around the shop as they made conversation. If it was on earth, he would've have mistaken the shop for a lingerie store. Here, he knew better.

The back of the store had a counter to the left and a door to the right. The walls of the store were covered with different types of cloth materials, ranging from silk and feather to leather.

"So, who is this?" Agatha asked Jie Er after a few moments. She had a genuine smile and seemed quite likeable.

"This is my niece, Blaze Er Lokra. I've taken her in. We are here to get some tailor-made clothes for her" Jie Er replied. It was the first time Blaze was hearing Jie Er's last name.

The world of Azra-El did not distinguish between male and female pronouns, so Blaze did not really fault her for mis 'pronoun-ciation'.

"Hello" Blaze replied shyly. Pretending to be a child was getting somewhat tiresome, but he couldn't say he didn't like it at times.

"Good to meet you, Blaze Er. Call me Aunty Agatha. Your aunt and I go way back" Agatha replied, taking Blaze hands into hers.

"Now what type of clothes are you looking for? I guess you will be needing streamlined clothes like your aunt... Lemme go get my tape and we can get some measurements" Agatha continued as she gave him a look over.

"Agatha, can you use the changing room for measurements? She... umm... has a condition" Jie Er told her hesitantly.

"Condition?"

"She is an unnatural" Jie Er sighed.

"What do you mean? She looks just fine. Maybe a little tall for her age..."

"Take her inside, she will show you. You can trust her little Blaze" Jie Er replied, turning to Blaze.

"Keep an eye on the shop. We will be back in a bit" Agatha replied, giving Jie Er a skeptical look.

She took Blaze's hand and led him into a 10x10 feet changing room with mirrors on three sides, while grabbing a measuring tape on the way.

"Ok, now what's the problem?" Agatha asked gently.

Blaze gave her a sheepish look and pulled down his panties, revealing his flaccid dick.

"Oh my! I am so sorry dear" Agatha exclaimed, pulling Blaze into her cleavage for a hug.

"Get out of your panties, dear. I need to take a better look" she replied, pulling up a chair and sitting in front of Blaze.

Blaze stepped out of the panties and Agatha leaned in to get a closer look at the strange protrusion. She touched it gingerly and then cupped his balls, weighing them.

"Hmmm. It's not too much of a problem. I'd say it just needs proper support. Maybe extra padding to hide the bulge..." Agatha pondered.

"It also becomes big at times ..." Blaze added, scheming at the poor woman.

"It does? How big? Can you make it big now?"

"Maybe... I need your help though" he asked pretending to be shy.

"What do you need me to do?"

"Ummm... Do you mind getting naked?"

"I guess not. But why?" she replied, confused.

"It helps me get it big"

"Ok, I guess" Agatha replied skeptically, but she dropped her shawl and reached her hands behind her back to untie her corset.

Soon, she was out of her skirt and panties and was buck naked in front of Blaze. The mirrors gave Blaze a 360 view of her body.

Her breasts were about a C-cup and her butt was perky and nicely rounded. Her legs were long with thin thighs but strong calves.

"It got big!" Agatha exclaimed, looking at Blaze's erect penis.

"It can get bigger. Can you place your hands on the stool and show me your butt? I need to do something to make it fully erect"

Agatha complied. She propped herself on the stool with her elbows and pushed her butt towards Blaze, giving him an unrestricted view of her vagina and butthole. Her puffy lips were a shade darker when compared to the rest of her skin.

Blaze spread her legs until her butt was at the level of his penis. Her lips parted a little to reveal her hole. He grabbed her hips and placed his dick against her vagina, without inserting it in. He started grinding against her.

After about a minute, he leaned on Agatha's back and grasped her breasts. He humped away as he massaged her breasts, while his lower body made thwacking sounds against hers.

"It's reached its maximum length, aunty. Take its measure" Blaze replied, suddenly pulling away after a minute. Agatha had felt the experience to be strange at first, but it had soon stirred something inside her. But maintaining her professionalism, she grabbed the tape.

"Anything else?" she asked after taking the measurement.

"The two hanging things are kinda sensitive. I wouldn't mind some padding for them" he replied, pointing at his balls. Azra El did not seem as safe as Earth, and with all the angels around, he needed to preserve his assets.

"hmmm. I can do that. Anything more?"

"Umm. Aunty Jie Er usually helps me in getting back to normal. Otherwise it hurts a little" Blaze replied innocently.

"What does she do?"

"She just puts it in her mouth and sucks on it until it releases liquid energy"

"Liquid energy? I guess I can suck on it a little. We'll let your aunty keep an eye on the shop" Agatha replied, placing her naked butt back on her chair.

She leaned forward, gently grabbed his member in her hand and put it in her mouth. Soon, with Blaze's guidance, she was sucking away at it with fluence. Within a couple of minutes, he came into her mouth.

"mhmmm. Tastes like apple sauce" Agatha replied, swallowing it.

<em>That's the second time I heard that! Everything is so perfect in this world. Jie Er tastes like strawberry and I taste like apple sauce?</em>

"Anyway, I think wearing boyshorts with extra padding will solve all your problems. Let me take the rest of your measurements before you decide on what kind of tops you want" Agatha told him while spreading the tape along his chest.

"Boyshorts?"

"Yeah. They cover a little more than regular panties. I think they'd be perfect for you"

"Oh! I have a couple of ideas on what type of clothing I want. Can I have your pencil and book?" Blaze asked her, after she was finished.

"Oh, you do?" Agatha replied, handing him her notebook and pencil.

Blaze quickly drew a pair of boxers and a tight-fitting tank top. Those were the only clothes that he could think of that would satisfy him and be in line with the world's standards.

"Interesting... These look like boyshorts, just a bit longer. The tank top is easy enough, but your drawing leaves no room for breast growth. I need to modify their shape a little. Otherwise, they won't fit you for long"

"You don't need to bother about breast growth, aunty. I am sure. Just make them as similar as possible to the way I want, please"

"Ok, but I still need to confirm with Jie Er" Agatha replied, getting up and putting on her clothes.

Once both were dressed, they stepped out.

"Your niece has some unique ideas, Jie Er. What do you think?" Agatha told Jie Er, showing her the notebook.

"The top doesn't have to be that long but everything else seems fine. She has her needs after all. Just make everything streamlined. Make five sets and use your imagination to make them nice. Oh, and I will be buying these as well." Jie Er replied, showing her a couple of lingerie, she had picked for herself.

"Why don't we meet up for dinner, Agatha? It's been a while since we hung out. I am gonna do some shopping and show Blaze around until then" Jie Er asked, after finishing their transaction.

"Sounds good. Parrot's Tail at 6?"

"Sure. See you later, Aggy" Jie Er replied.

"See you later, aunty Agatha" Blaze waved before stepping out of the store with Jie Er.

"Aunty? Is there a place where I can go buy or read books?" Blaze asked. Although he really did want to get access to some books about the world, his real intention at the moment was to skip shopping with Jie Er"

"There are a couple of book stores in town along with the town's library. But, I was hop..."

"What's a library?" Blaze cut her off.

"It's a place where you can borrow books or read them there. They have tables and chairs."

"There is such a wonderful place? Do we have to pay to get access?"

"No, it's free for all children. I just need to register you"

"Perfect! Can we go there now?" Blaze asked enthusiastically.

"I wanted to do some more shopping though..."

"Can't you just leave me at the library while you shop, aunty?" Blaze persisted.

"I guess I can, but I wanted to spend more time with you..."

"We can do that after your shopping, aunty. Besides, I will be with you all day tomorrow!"

"I guess..." Jie Er sighed.

Blaze gave a mental punch of victory. Although he felt a little guilty about abandoning Jie Er, the idea of skipping shopping and reading books instead overcame his guilt.

"Well, hang on then. The library is one of the central buildings" Jie Er said as she picked up Blaze with a hand and sprang up into the air. She looked a little miffed.

"You didn't really want to go shopping with me, did you?" Jie Er asked, while in midair.

"I am sorry, aunty"

"Just tell me if you don't want to do something, Blaze Er. You don't have to deceive me"

"I am sorry, aunty. But I really do want to go to the library. That's not a lie..." Blaze apologized.

"Just tell me as it is, next time. You don't have to obviate. I will understand. I don't want you to feel that you have to hide things from me" Jie Er said softly.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Ok aunty, but you should do the same with me"

"Deal" Jie Er replied.

Soon they descended in front of a large four storied stone building. Above the archway of the tall wooden doors was the sign -- "Central Library of Maga".

The two of them walked inside and Blaze could immediately sense the earthy smell of old books. Massive shelves filled with books, lined the floor. A central stairway led into the upper floors. A few tables and chairs were scattered all over the place, but there weren't too many people. To the left, at the entrance, was a counter where a serious looking brunette sat reading a book.

"Hello. Can I register my niece?" Jie Er asked the librarian.

The librarian gave Blaze and Jie Er a once over before she pushed a piece of paper and a pen towards them.

"Fill this form up. Both of you need to sign it", she replied with a smile.

"First time at a library, child?" she asked Blaze gently.

Blaze nodded as he read the name of the book she was reading. "Vita's treatise on angel ethics"

"Can I read or borrow any book I want?" he asked her. He wasn't sure if his presumed maturity or immaturity would be a barrier to his reading.

"Only the fourth floor has books that need special permission, but the rest of them should be accessible. Just ask me about whatever you want to read. I will be glad to point you in the right direction"

"I need introductory books on the History of Azra El, Energy Manipulation, books on Wing Techniques &amp; maybe some sword arts. What do you suggest?"

The librarian was taken aback for a moment, before she pondered for a bit and wrote down some information on a slip of paper.

"Look up these shelves. The first number is the floor, the alphabet indicates the row, and the last number indicates the shelf number. I'd suggest 'The Rise of the Heavenly Union' for history. Nalini's Intro to Energy Manipulation is also good. The other two books, you should decide for yourself" she replied.

"Thank you miss" Blaze replied, taking the paper.

Jie Er finished the form and after taking a sign from Blaze, she handed it to the librarian. She browsed through the sheet for a moment before she handed a library card with an ID number.

"Thank you, miss", Jie Er muttered before turning to Blaze. "I will come back for you in a couple of hours. Have fun and don't leave the library" she told him and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before she left.

Blaze took in a deep breath before he walked into the mass of books.

He found the librarian's suggestions on the first floor. He chose 'A Registry of Maga's Sword Techniques' on the second floor. On the third floor, he picked up 'Wing Dynamics and Efficient Energy Consumption'.

Satisfied with his finds, he looked for a place to sit and browse through them. He spotted a long table and a few chairs, aligned along a couple of Victorian windows. A lone girl sat by one of the windows, completely focused on reading her book.

As Blaze walked towards the table, he slowly fell into a daze. The girl was simply gorgeous. She did not seem to be a fully-grown angel, but the beauty in her face was surreal.

She had an oval face with gentle curves and a sharp chin. Slightly downturned but large aquamarine eyes with long fluttering lashes, adorned by thin gently rising eyebrows. Her graceful nose wasn't too sharp &amp; her reddish pink cupid's bow lips were full and luscious. Her long, thick and smooth golden blonde hair was parted in the middle, and then braided into a thick long tail that hung below her butt.

Her bangs, which enshrined her face, were swept behind her rightly sized ears. A thin golden circlet with a ruby center adorned her forehead, and a golden sapphire necklace hung from her neck. Her lips were slightly parted -- her heavy lower lip had a natural hang. Her form and her intently focused eyes gave her an ethereal look -- like a medieval painting of great aesthetic virutue.

As Blaze approached her from the her right, he also had a view of her body. She seemed to be around his height, which was the only reason why he felt that she was a fellow 'child'.

She was wearing something that could be considered a white skimpy hybrid of a tube dress and a corset, with intricately designed golden linings. There was a deep wide cut at her cleavage, that narrowed as it reached her visible belly button. The cloth only covered up to the inner edges of her areolae and clung to her elegantly rounded breasts as if it did not understand the concept of gravity.

The sides of her dress were almost entirely cut out, revealing her waist and the small of her back. A gold lined strip of cloth hung from the corset and clung to her hips to make up the skirt. The skirt was quite short, giving Blaze a full view of her long graceful legs. Her feet were covered with tight white boots.

Blaze quietly pulled up a chair in front of her and took his seat. He tried browsing through the books, but his glance kept gravitating towards her face. For the first time in his life, he was more attracted to a girl's face than her body. This was especially noteworthy as the girl in question had a body that would tempt the gods, and that said body was currently quite exposed.

"You should start with something simpler, child" Blaze suddenly heard a dulcet musical voice.

Blaze looked up from his book on Wing Dynamics, and the impeccable image of the girl he had created in his mind crumbled. Her face was kind and her words, although misguided, seemed to be well intentioned.

But the way she spoke and the natural air of superiority she seemed to possess, annoyed him. He glanced at the title of the book she was reading -- 'Advanced Mathematical Theorems on the Natural World'

"Why don't <em>you </em>read something simpler? Child!" Blaze retorted, a little miffed.

The girl raised a brow in surprise.

"How old are you?" she asked, her eyes growing softer. It did not make Blaze feel any better.

"Nineteen" Blaze replied instinctively, and instantly regretted it.

"You're younger than I thought" she said surprised. She then glanced at his chest. "Makes sense though"

"How old are you!?"

"61"

<em>Freaking granny!</em>

"Why the heck are you so short?" Blaze asked impetuously.

The girl's upper lip quivered. He seemed to have touched a nerve.

"I am of average height for my age. You are just a very large child! Although, not in all places"

"Yeah, sure." Blaze replied simply, and went back to his book, making the girl silently fume at him. He started browsing the table of contents to make sure he was equipped to read it.

"I do sincerely advise you to start with something simpler, child" the girl replied after a while. She seemed to have composed herself after her earlier fit of temper.

Blaze looked up from his book and considered it for a moment.

"Why don't we have a wager? If I can borrow this book and cannot master it within a week, I will do whatever you want for a whole day. If I do, then I get to order you around for a day. What do you say?" Blaze said cockily. Physics and math were two things he was completely confident about.

The girl looked at Blaze quizzically for a couple of seconds before she replied. "I apologize if I misjudged your aptitude, child. I only had the best of intentions." She then went back to her book as if she had done her righteous duty and couldn't be bothered anymore with him.

Blaze resisted the urge to dive at her and bite her perfect little nose.

He went back to the book and leafed through its pages before confirming he could tackle it. He then switched to the 'Rise of the Heavenly Kingdom'.

From his interactions with Jie Er, Blaze had already learnt that there were two intelligent races in this world. The Angels and the Demons.

Physically, the two races were mostly similar. However, the devils manifested wing colors that were dark, while the angels manifested lighter colored wings. For example, Blaze's wings were a bright reddish orange in color and could be considered angel wings. A theoretical demon Blaze, in contrast, would have had deep or dark red colored wings.

Blaze, however, wasn't sure about the colors in the middle range of this spectrum. So far, he had only seen brightly colored wings that could never be mistaken for demon wings.

Some demons also seemed to possess a tail and horns.

Mentally, angels and demons were supposedly the opposite.

Angels represented the good and were usually nice, cheerful, kind &amp; gentle. If they could, they would always help a fellow angel or an animal in need &amp; would never treat anyone with malice.

Demons represented evil and were usually deceitful, angry, gloomy &amp; unkind. They were the personification of selfishness and would never do anything that did not benefit them in some way.

These distinctions between angels and demons were similar with the mythology from Earth, but Blaze felt that they may be gross oversimplifications and that the reality maybe a bit more complex. This idea gained more ground after he browsed through the book.

Currently, there were two sides that were at a constant war with each other -- The Hela Empire of the demons and the Heavenly Union of the angels. The Hela empire was ruled by a single empress who was currently the strongest person in the world.

The Heavenly Union was comprised of an allied group of angel nations. The county of Maga was a part of the kingdom Aranya, which was one of the larger nations of the Heavenly Union.

The Heavenly union came into existence after a massive war that the Hela empire started 667 years ago. The war had ended within thirty-five years, but constant skirmishes and small-scale wars were quite common.

The constant warfare was one of the reasons the Heavenly union stressed so much on the strength of the angels. Although every nation had a standing army, all citizens were expected to be able at fighting. More desirable forms of employment, property and certain goods were only available to people with a higher combat strength.

The mayor of Varan was the second strongest angel in town. The commander of the guards was stronger than her and could easily take her position if she wanted to. However, since the angels were 'understanding and kind', a form of democracy existed and the current mayor who was more suitable for position was able to maintain it.

The merchant class was somewhat exempt from this rule, but the way the society worked forced them to be proficient at fighting.

For example, if someone desired their property they could easily challenge them to a fight. If they lost, they would have to sell it to the challenger whether they desired it or not. However, the other party had to pay the full market price for it.

One important rule about the challenges was that any significant challenge regarding a property or an official position needed a government approval.

Regardless, Blaze found this type of society to be unfeasible and inexplicable. It only made a little sense if one took all angels to be pure and righteous.

"Here you are! What are you doing all the way up here?" Blaze suddenly heard Jie Er's voice from behind. Time seemed to have flown by, as he got absorbed within the pages of the book.

"I found some good books, aunty. How was shopping?" he replied, as he turned back to greet her. Jie Er seemed to be giving the girl a curious glance.

"Aunty?"

"Ah! It went fine, dear. Let's get going. You can take back the books if you want" Jie Er replied.

"I hope, my little Blaze Er didn't bother you too much miss" she said politely to the girl.

"She was pleasant company" the girl replied curtly, yet politely.

Blaze shook his head, gathered his books and followed Jie Er to the first floor.

"Who was that snobby brat?" Blaze asked her as they reached the second floor.

"Don't be disrespectful. She must be around twice your age"

"Haha. So, she is a shortie!"

"What do you mean?"

"She told me she was 61. That's <em>thrice</em> my age. Haha"

"Oh. Anyway, she seems to be nobility of some sort. Only they wear circlets of that kind. I am not sure what she is doing here though" Jie Er replied.

"No wonder she is such a snob!"

"Don't be rude, Blaze. She seems nice enough and is very pretty"

Blaze snorted in response.

Blaze took the books to check out and the librarian told him about a two-book limit. He considered his options for a minute before deciding on the history and energy manipulation books. Those were of more immediate use to him.

The two of them then headed out for lunch and after a simple meal, they went to a theatre to watch a play. It was three hours long and was about an angel who gets lost in the demon territory and must go through numerous obstacles to get back. It was a fun show except for the fact that all the demon characters seemed to be the same.

After the play, they explored the town a bit more before they met up with Agatha.

Parrot's Tail was a cozy little inn with cushioned red seats. They chose a corner table and ordered some food. Blaze had expected some alcohol to be involved, but apparently alcohol was considered bad in Aranya.

Blaze tried to get involved in their conversation at the beginning, but after they finished their food, he asked Jie Er to bring out his history book. He then wrapped her arm around her and leaned into her breast and read his book, while the two of them chatted away into the night.

He realized that his relationship with Jie Er was getting weirder each day. But, <em>Morality is superfluous, and it isn't like I am doing something completely forbidden.</em>

It was only a couple of hours after sunset that they decided to part ways. And after more chatting on the street, the two of them gave Agatha a good-bye hug before heading back home.

***

Surdas (Sunday) flew by quietly but pleasantly in each other's companionship. Jie Er did some chores and read some novel, while Blaze spent most of his day reading his books or practicing his energy manipulation. The book was a great help. They also pleasured each other three times that day. Blaze made sure that Jie Er came multiple times before he made her suck him off.

The next week also went by in a similar fashion to the first. He finished the history book by mid-week, so he asked Jie Er to get him the book on Wing Dynamics.

By the weekend, with Jie Er's training and guidance, Blaze could manifest three-foot-long wings, which he could sustain with minimal energy loss. He also realized that despite the height difference, he was physically a little stronger than Jie Er.

His other skills, however, were not even close to hers. She did have a century and a half over him. Regardless, Jie Er was amazed by his growth. She told him that if he maintained his present growth rate, he could become one of the strongest angels in the country.

That Saturday, the two of them were finishing their breakfast when they heard a loud voice from outside their cottage.

Jie Er was supposed to drop him off at the library for the day. She couldn't take Blaze to the library on weekdays, because the town was in the opposite direction of where she worked.

So, one could imagine Blaze's anger at the sudden intrusion. He had been a little cooped up over the week.

"Come out Jie Er! It's time for you to face me!" an angel screamed from outside.

Jie Er visibly blanched when she heard the voice.

"What's going on, aunty?" Blaze asked a little worried for his aunt.

"It's Rebecca!" Jie Er replied in a hushed voice.

"And?"

"She's a lieutenant in the army. She has always had her eyes on my hot spring, and she finally got her challenge approved a couple of months ago. She wants to challenge me for the house She probably thinks she is finally strong enough to go against me"

"Is she?"

"Stronger than me? Not if I was at my peak. But, I had a mishap in my training a little while back. So, I am not entirely sure about myself... There is a chance that she may win. I don't want to risk it. Especially with you around. I will still get the money for the house and I could always challenge her back. But I want to avoid it, if I can"

"What's her specialty, aunty? What's her strength?" Blaze asked her, as a plan formed in his head. He had been thinking about the challenge system ever since he first heard and read about it.

"Speed. She has quick bursts in speed and momentum. She counters my style a little, as it depends on gradually building up momentum before delivering a quick strong blow" Jie Er explained.

"Hmmm. This might work then" Blaze replied and explained his plan to Jie Er.

"That's so devious, little Blaze! I am not sure if its honorable" Jie Er exclaimed after she heard the plan.

"Pah! It's not like we are lying to her, aunty. We are giving her the choice. It's not like she must agree. Just play your part. I will do the rest" Blaze insisted with a devious smile.

"You're so naughty, little Blaze. I guess we can try it. I am only doing this for your sake" Jie Er replied, pinching his cheek.

"Perfect! Stay here for now" Blaze replied and walked to the door.

The angel who was in mid scream, stopped herself as she saw the door open.

Blaze closed the door behind him and looked at the <em>screamy</em> angel. She was beautiful but a feisty looking one. Her skin was smooth and white with a pinkish tinge to it. Her waist length hair was a reddish pink, with thick locks of sprawling hair that looked as unruly as she was. Her bangs were parted at the center and flowed down to her cheeks.

Her dark eye-lined almond eyes were a pinkish red, with long mascaraed eyelashes. Her brows were thick near her nose but were long and arched up into a thin line. She had a pretty &amp; slightly upturned nose. Her pink glossy lips were plump and had a natural pucker to them. Her face was angular, and her chin was small but rounded. A dark red rose was painted at the center of her forehead.

She wore a red and black corset with a frilly lower end that only reached the narrow part of her waist at the front but turned into a frock and reached the crease of her butt cheeks at the back. Her breasts, which were slightly pushed up due to the corset, were like soft mounds that rose from her chest. The bust of the corset only reached the sides of her breasts but managed to push them together to form a deep ravine at her cleavage.

Two triangular strips of cloth extended from the sides to cover the skin of her breasts. The ends of the lower triangles managed to cover her nipples, but her pale red areolae were mostly visible.

She also wore a black garter thong, connected to transparent black stockings. Her footwear was a pair of six-inch-tall black and red pumps, which made her stand at a height of 7 feet and four inches.

"Who are you?" Rebecca exclaimed, with raised eyebrows.

"Go away, stupid! You look so weak, and you wanna fight with my aunt? How shameless!" Blaze told her with a slight but perceptible sneer.

"Who the Hela are you, twerp? Don't barge in on adults' business. Go get Jie Er. I am strong enough for her" Rebecca replied, slightly taken aback and a little annoyed.

"How old are you?" Blaze asked with the same sneer.

"134" she replied, expecting Blaze to show more deference.

"Hahaha. You're so old, but so weak!? I am 19 and I am most likely stronger than you. I don't think you are good enough to challenge my aunt. Come back after a couple of hundred years of training. That might give you a chance" Blaze replied in mock disdain.

"You brat! I... I... Jie Er, come out! Is this how you treat a challenge? You send your kid to insult me!?" she screamed at the door.

Before Blaze could reply, Jie Er stepped out of the house.

"Stop screaming, Rebecca. What's your problem? Can't you at least let me get dressed in peace?" Jie Er replied, pretending to stifle a yawn.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Don't waste your time talking to her, aunty! Just kick her butt and quickly send her home. She is too noisy" Blaze sneered again.

"Is this what you teach your kids, Jie Er. To insult and lie?" Rebecca half-screamed. She was enraged by their behavior.

"Didn't I tell you to be polite, little Blaze?" Jie Er lightly thwacked his head and admonished him halfheartedly.

"But she isn't lying. She has not mastered any skills yet, but she should be on par with you in physical strength" Jie Er told Rebecca coolly.

"What sort of nonsense are you spouting!?! A child is as strong as me? Just because I can't fight a child doesn't mean you can throw outrageous insults at me!" Rebecca screamed.

"How about a wager, Rebecca? Wanna test my strength in arm wrestling?" Blaze replied coolly.

"Wager?" Rebecca immediately calmed down. She was not stupid enough to fall for something that suspicious.

"Are you afraid? You can fight with my aunt after you beat me" Blaze replied calmly.

"Are you playing me? What's the trick?"

"No tricks. It's a normal arm wrestling match. If you feel like we've cheated in anyway, you can go back on your wager. What do you say?" Blaze said in an arrogant tone.

"What's the wager?"

"If you win, my aunt will give you a 20% discount on the house, in case you defeat her. If you lose, you can never challenge my aunt again. You will also do whatever I want you to over the weekend. What do you think? Fair wager? I am only 19 years old..." Blaze elaborated.

Rebecca considered the proposition for a moement. The wager was skewed in their favor if it was a fight between equals, but the chances of a 19-year-old angel defeating a physically fit adult angel in a match of physical strength seemed quite slim. She just couldn't figure out what their play was. She refused to believe that she would lose in a match of strength.

"Wow, you are weakling and a coward. How did they even accept you in the army?" Blaze prodded her.

"Fine! I accept. But if there is even a tiny indication of cheating, I get to take back my promise. Do you agree, Jie Er?" Rebecca replied, looking at Jie Er for confirmation.

"Fine by me"

"Perfect! Let's go inside. We can use our dining table" Blaze said excitedly and walked in. Jie Er gave Rebecca a wry smile and followed him in.

Rebecca sighed, removed her pumps and followed them inside. She couldn't help but feel that she was going to regret her decision.

"Are we allowed to use inner energy?" Rebecca asked Blaze as they set themselves up at the table.

"Upto you. I can beat you either way" Blaze replied arrogantly, as he propped up his arm as a challenge. Technically, manipulation of inner energy was considered a part of physical strength. It was the same as using the energy you gained from eating food.

"Let's use it then!" Rebecca replied. She wanted to increase her chances of winning.

Blaze gave her a supercilious look and started drawing energy from his surroundings. After a moment, he waved his hand in provocation.

Rebecca sighed, drew her energy into her arm and grabbed Blaze's hand. Her hand was slim and strong. Her arm was longer than Blaze's, providing her with a lot more leverage. She couldn't imagine herself losing this match.

"Start us off, aunty" Blaze said, looking into Rebecca's pink eyes. Her feistiness had returned.

"1 2 3 go!"

The match started off evenly, which surprised Rebecca even when she was somewhat expecting it. For a minute, she seemed to have a slight advantage. But that changed when her initial reserves started depleting. Slowly, Blaze pushed their hands back to the middle as he constantly supplied himself with the world's energy.

The equilibrium lasted for more than a minute, surprising both with the other's strength. However, Rebecca's hand slowly started tipping against her favor, until it reached a sixty-degree angle. She managed to hold on for quite some time, as her face turned bright red with exertion. Finally, with a loud grunt and a final push, Blaze slammed her hand down to the table.

"I win!" Blaze jumped up from his seat in happiness, and hi-fived Jie Er.

Rebecca stared at her hand, flabbergasted.

"What do you think? Was it fair and square?" Blaze asked her proudly, but nicely. He didn't need to pretend anymore.

Rebecca gave him a slight look and nodded. She didn't seem to notice his change in attitude.

"Do you promise to never challenge for the house again?" Blaze sought her affirmation.

She simply nodded. She knew it was a fair game. The child was a monster. She should've known. But it was also a blessing in disguise. She did not need to get on the bad side of child with so much potential. She gave out a loud sigh and got up on her feet to leave. She accepted her defeat.

"You can't forget the promise about listening to me over the weekend!" Blaze reminded her before it was too late. He was never going to get such a good chance again. <em>If someone wants to take advantage of my aunt, then I am gonna do the same to them</em>. <em>Wait, what? Did I just refer to Jie Er as my aunt, even in my head?</em>

"Fine, what do you want me to do?" Rebecca sighed. <em>How bad could a child's needs be?</em>

"I just want to play with your body for now!" Blaze replied, his eyes gleaming in anticipation.

Rebecca instantly paled. The look in his eyes was simply scary.

"Jie Er! Are you going to let your child torture me?" Rebecca said, sounding a bit fearful.

"Stop getting your panties in a bunch, Rebecca. My child is not a demon. What are you planning, Blaze Er?" Jie Er replied, but also tried to confirm what he was up to. She grew a little cautious after Blaze pulled off such a perfect deception.

"I am only going to play with her body. Like I do with yours, aunty. I also want to try out something new. That is all. Why would I torture her?" Blaze replied innocently.

"Oh! That's fine then. It's ok, Rebecca. Let her play with your body. It's quite nice. You'll see!" Jie Er confirmed.

"Are you sure you are fine with letting her know about your condition, little Blaze?" Jie Er asked him in return.

"I don't really mind..."

He needed someone who wouldn't make him feel guilty about doing it.

"Condition?" Rebecca asked curiously.

"She is an unnatural..." Jie Er replied solemnly.

"Ha! I knew it. No wonder she won against me. This is not fair! You didn't tell me she was an unnatural" Rebecca exclaimed.

"Don't be stupid. Her strength has nothing to do with her condition. It's like saying someone is strong because of their hair color. Show her your protrusion, Blaze Er" Jie Er countered.

Blaze pulled his panties and showed Rebecca his penis.

"Oh...!" Rebecca stared at it for a moment before her expression turned to pity.

"I am so sorry..."

"Are we still going to the town, aunty?" Blaze asked Jie Er, ignoring Rebecca's pity.

"Up to you. I am still going to go and get the materials needed for your new room. I want you to help me with building your room though"

"I am gonna play with Rebecca then!" Blaze exclaimed.

"Be polite, Blaze Er. She is a lot older than you. Just because I let you provoke her into a wager doesn't mean you can treat her however you want" Jie Er admonished.

"Aunt Rebecca?" Blaze questioned.

Jie Er looked at Rebecca and she just shrugged.

"Aunt Becky!" Blaze finalized, surprising both. Jie Er wanted to say that they weren't that close but seeing Rebecca's expression she just obliged.

<strong>Author's comments</strong>: Too much sex? What do you guys think? It's partly intentional and partly I couldn't help myself. Moreover, do you think you'd control yourself if you were thrown in such a world?

Note: I stole the days of the week from Elder Scrolls.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 03|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Comments:</strong> 

<em>I was waiting for some feedback on my second chapter before posting this one. But since literotica is taking its time, I decided to post it anyway. They do say that it takes between two days to a week. It's been five days since I posted the second chapter. I wonder if I am doing something wrong.</em> 

<em>Finbar: Thanks for the ideas on where I could go with the story. Believe it or not, I thought of most of those things (besides the alien version). I do have a fair idea on where I am going to go with the story. I am intentionally keeping it a suspense. And as you said, there is room for multiple books. If things go super well that is. But, please free to give me suggestions as you read my work. I am doing this for fun, and I am always going to acknowledge any help I use.</em> 

<em>I am planning on exploring some social and political issues with the story. Let's see how successful I am going to be with it.</em> 

*** 

"Come, aunt Becky" Blaze took Rebecca's hand, after seeing Jie Er off. 

Rebecca found it weird that Blaze was suddenly calling her aunt, but she liked the sound of it. Her only family was her mother and she wasn't very close to her. 

So, although she was slightly apprehensive about this conniving little angel, she followed him as he took her into Jie Er's bedroom. 

"Have a seat on the bed, aunty" he told her, once they were inside. 

"What's with the change in attitude?" Rebecca asked him, giving him an uncertain look. 

Blaze just looked at her quizzically. 

"You were quite mean earlier..." 

"Oh, I was just pretending. It was all to provoke you into taking that bet. I didn't mean any of it. Aunty Jie Er wasn't sure if she was going to win against you, so I devised a sure-fire method of retaining the house. I really didn't mean any of the things I said" Blaze explained. 

"Why are you telling me all of this? And, how come you suddenly seem to like me? Calling me aunty ... What are you planning?". 

"umm... Well, I thought it was kinda funny to call you Aunt Becky. I really like the sound of it. Don't you?" Blaze replied. 

Rebecca harrumphed. 

The real reason was that he did not know that there was another polite term to address an elder. 

"The reason I am telling you all of this is that I don't think you are a bad angel. You wouldn't have agreed to those terms if you were. I don't think you are stupid enough to accept that wager even if you were enraged by my performance. I think that once you realized that there was a child in the house, you were subconsciously looking for a way to back out. Am I wrong?" Blaze replied. 

Rebecca looked at him confounded. 

"Are you really 19?" 

"Yep" Blaze replied curtly, wondering if nineteen-year-old angels were supposed to be immature. 

"Hela's Tail! You are strong <em>and</em> smart. You have a lot of potential! I can see you becoming a general or a governor" Rebecca said as she flopped herself on the corner of the bed. 

"That's what Jie Er says..." 

"Anyway, a consequence of my condition is that I get this desire to play with the bodies of people I like. I find you beautiful and I kinda like you, so now I have an urge to <em>play</em> with your body" Blaze explained, before he proceeded further. 

Rebecca was surprised and a little moved by his words. 

"While <em>playing</em> with your body, I will do some things. Tell me if you find any of it unpleasant. I will stop. We can experiment. And, if you suddenly get any urges, feel free to act on them. Unless, they are dangerous of course haha" Blaze continued. 

Rebecca did not understand what he meant, but she gave him her affirmation. 

"Just relax and lean back" Blaze told her and climbed on to her lap, straddling her long thighs and wrapping his legs around her back. 

Rebecca leaned back on her hands and brushed her hair back. Without warning, Blaze leaned in to her and kissed the side of her neck. A strong smell of roses wafted into his nose, intoxicating him. 

Hungry for more, he showered her neck with kisses and gave the side of her neck a lick. She tasted like rose flavored candy. His tongue slowly creeped up her neck and reached her left ear. He kissed it once and began sucking on her soft earlobe. 

"That tickles" Rebecca giggled, brushing her cheek against his. 

Blaze moved to her sharp chin and kissed it. He sucked on it a little, and then sat back to look into Rebecca's pink eyes. Her naturally puckered lips spurred in him a desire to plunder them. 

The passion in his eyes startled Rebecca, but before she could think he pressed his lips against hers. 

The softness of lips against lips surprised her. She had never kissed anyone on the lips before. But before she could relish the sensation, Blaze took her lower lip between his lips and started gently sucking on it. Rebecca instinctively closed her upper lip over his and brushed her tongue against it. 

They continued tasting each other's lips for a while, before Blaze pulled back to look at Rebecca's reaction. Her eyes were glazed with passion. The absence of guilt and the anticipation of what's to come, enhanced Blaze's desire to the next level. 

Looking into his eyes, Rebecca's lips slightly parted; subconsciously wanting more. Taking it as a cue, Blaze plunged onto her lips and forced his tongue between them. Rebecca tasted it, and liking the sensation and the feeling, started licking it. Soon they were sucking and snogging on each other's' mouths as their tongues darted and rolled against each, tasting every part that was accessible. 

Finally, they pulled apart gasping for air. They forgot to breath while immersed in the kiss. 

"Your aunt was right. That was very... nice" Rebecca panted. She seemed a little overwhelmed. She had seen people kiss on the lips before. But, this was very raw. Very personal. 

"We are just getting started" Blaze grinned and leaned forward. Rebecca opened her lips in anticipation, but he only kissed her on the cheek and reached behind to untie her corset. He loosened the strings holding it together and her breasts gained a little freedom. 

"Get up for a moment" he commanded her, and she complied. 

As she stood up, he peeled the corset of her breasts and let it fall to the ground. Her mighty breasts sagged a little under the weight. They were plump, with splendidly rising curves. Her nipples were small and red and were bulging in anticipation. He made her sit back down on the bed, straddled her once more and started sucking on her left nipple as he massaged her other breast. Rebecca held his head and sank her chin into his hair as her arousal overwhelmed her. 

"Lie down" Blaze told her with a gentle push, after he was done with her breasts. 

She lay on her back and Blaze spread her legs apart with his knees. He placed himself between her legs and started showering her body with kisses and licks. He started off with her shoulders and clavicle, and slowly moved down to her cleavage, stomach, hips and finally reached her slightly damp thong. 

"Put up your legs, aunty" he asked her, looking at her garter thong. 

Realizing his intent, Rebecca closed her legs and raised them up. Blaze reached for her thong and pulled the garment up, slowly revealing a thin closed slit and the puckered hole of her anus. Her slit was glazed with vaginal lube. 

He took in the view for a moment before her pulled her garter thong and leggings off. He threw them to side and spread apart her legs once more. 

He immediately leaned in and planted his mouth against her vagina. She had a peachy flavor. Rebecca's panting intensified. 

Blaze sucked against her slit for a minute before he gently inserted his tongue. Rebecca moaned with pleasure. Taking it as consent, he lapped and pumped his tongue while pleasuring her tiny erect nub with his fingers. 

Rebecca tried to control herself, but the new and intense feelings overwhelmed her mind slowly gave in to the pleasure. She started moaning incessantly and within a couple of minutes she shivered and came into his mouth. Blaze lapped and drank her sweet juice as she spasmed multiple times. 

Blaze took his mouth of her only when she stopped coming. He got up and lay on top of her, her breasts against his chest and his penis against her stomach. He looked into her glazed eyes and leaned in to kiss her profusely. 

"Is that your thing against my stomach?" Rebecca asked him after they separated. She could easily feel the massive hot rod pressing against her stomach. 

Blaze got up to give her a view of his erect member. Rebecca got up her elbows and gazed at it. 

"Is something wrong with it?" she asked, gingerly it a touch. It spasmed under her fingers, surprising her a little. 

"It's fine, aunt Becky. It happens when I am aroused. You can feel it if you want" 

Rebecca gently grasped it and felt its hot length under her fingers. She felt a strange emotion at the pit of her stomach, as if it desired this strange protrusion. 

"I want to put it in your vagina" Blaze said candidly, after a moment. 

Rebecca sucked in a deeply. She felt a little apprehensive, but it somehow felt right. 

"I've never tried it with Aunty Jie Er. She usually just sucks me off. I am not sure if it may hurt, but even if it does it shouldn't hurt too much. We can stop if it feels bad for you. But, I really want to try it" Blaze asked her honestly. 

He knew that if done properly and if the female was aroused and lubricated, it didn't hurt for most virgin women. But, he didn't want to give her false hope. Moreover, he wasn't sure how accessible angel vaginas were. 

Rebecca felt a strong desire to have Blaze's penis inside of her, but the concept of such a large object going inside her scared her. 

"Can you do it gently" she asked, biting her lower lip. She wasn't the one to back out that easily. Especially when she was feeling such intense desire. 

"I will do it as carefully as I can" 

Rebecca steeled herself and lay on her back. 

"Do it" she told Blaze, looking into his eyes. 

Blaze gently lifted her legs up and straddled her butt with his thighs. He placed his penis against her slit and felt her warmth against his. He rubbed his length against her slit a few times to lubricate his member and Rebecca moaned at the stimulation. 

He slowly moved his head to her hole, and after rubbing it to and fro a couple of times, gently pushed the head in. Her hole swallowed the width of his tip and instantly clamped down against it. 

Rebecca gasped and then moaned. 

<em>Oh god! She is tight.</em> If Jie Er hadn't sucked him off that morning or if he had any less will power, he would've cum right at that moment. 

Blaze looked into her eyes to control himself. 

"Should I continue?" he asked her. She nodded slightly. 

He slowly pushed himself into her and her vagina got tighter and tighter. 

"Ouch" Rebbeca exclaimed, when he was about two fifths of the way in. He immediately paused and waited for a couple of moments before he started pushing in further. When he faced further resistance, he pulled back a little and pushed in again. 

Finally, when he felt his balls against her skin he leaned into her breasts. He penetrated her completely and felt his groin against hers. He looked at Rebecca and found her intensely at him. She could feel the entirety of the hot member inside of her, and she felt wonderful. She wanted more. She grabbed Blaze's butt and tried to pull him in closer. 

Because of the height difference, his head only came up to her breasts. But, he was perfectly fine with it. He planted his face into her cleavage and wrapped his hands around her shoulders as Rebecca wrapped her legs around him. 

Feeling himself in her tightness, he started slowly gyrating against her. Rebecca moaned as Blaze's pubic region rubbed against her nub. She reveled in the heat and the fullness. 

Her moans slowly started to get into sync with his gyrations and her walls started clamping down on him harder. Suddenly, Blaze raised his hips, pulling his penis out. But before it came out entirely, he plunged it back in with a thwack of thighs. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Rebecca screamed and came instantly. 

She spasmed and he waited for her to finish before he started pumping again. This time, he started gently and slowly, with small humps. Rebecca's moans and vagina responded by falling in sync with his thrusts. Her walls loosened when he pushed in and clamped him into a tight hug when he tried pull out. Soon, he increased the speed and height of his thrusts. 

Thwack Thwack Thwack. Blaze pumped into Rebecca as they meshed themselves into each other with their arms and legs. Their minds were focused completely on each other, sensing every feeling. Bare skin against bare skin. Warm breath against warm breath. Hot member against hot insides. 

In a few minutes, both of them reached an unbearable high and Blaze forced himself to wait for Rebecca. Finally, she gave out a loud moan like scream and her walls clamped hard against him as they flooded with cum. Blaze felt the tightness and the wetness, and his defenses crumbled as he grunted and exploded. 

Both spasmed against each other in pleasure, as Blaze shot in thick streams of semen into her. They experienced a few moments of extreme bliss before they collapsed into each other's arms. 

Blaze rested his head against her soft breast, as Rebecca softly caressed his head. They lay panting against each other, as Blaze's penis which was still inside slowly started retreating by itself. 

"That was the most amazing thing I've ever felt" Rebecca said to Blaze softly. 

"Mhmmm" Blaze nodded against her breast in agreement. He had never been inside of a tighter vagina -virgin or not. Angels were the best. 

"I am gonna take a tiny nap, aunty" Blaze told her, without getting off her. 

Rebecca just closed her eyes, reveling in the afterglow. Soon, the two of them drifted off into sleep. 

*** 

When Jie Er returned, she found the two of them still asleep in each other's arms. Blaze was still sleeping on top of Rebecca, with his head on one breast and his hand clasping the other. 

"Wakey Wake!" Jie Er shouted in a sing song voice. 

Rebecca was startled awake, while Blaze woke up groggily. He gave her breast a final squeeze before he got off her. 

"Seems like you two had a bit too much fun" Jie Er grinned at them. 

"It was amazing, aunty" Blaze replied unabashedly, while Rebecca turned beet red for reasons inexplicable to her. 

"Good to know! I can work you a little harder now" Jie Er replied. 

"Aunt Becky is helping too!" 

"What?" 

"You still have to do whatever I say for the rest of the weekend. Don't think I will let off so easily!" Blaze replied, as he hurriedly put on his shift and panties and went to give Jie Er a hug. 

Blaze squeezed her tight and then bounded off into the kitchen for a bite. Although his mind was that of an adult, his body was that of a young angel and seemed to be filled with boundless energy. 

"So how was it?" Jie Er asked Rebecca with a grin. 

Rebecca was in a daze. 

"It was heavenly!" she replied with a blank expression, as she sat upright with splayed legs. 

A dribble of white liquid started escaping out of her pink slit. Subconsciously, she reached down with a finger, swiped the liquid and gave it a lick. 

"It's not bad..." she muttered mindlessly. 

"Why is his liquid energy coming out of your vagina?" Jie Er asked dumbly. 

"Because that's where she inserted it. It felt really good" 

Jie Er's eyes widened as things seemed to fall in place. Blaze's penchant for grinding against her vagina, her own feeling of emptiness when aroused, &amp; the fact that his member was located at a similar region of the body. <em>Is this what he meant by trying something new? I wonder why he didn't ask me?</em> 

Jie Er was a little envious. But being the angel, she was, she quickly put it out of her mind. She was just gonna ask him for it herself, especially since Rebecca seemed to be blown out of her mind with the experience. 

"Well, you get dressed. I don't really need your help with the room, but a wager is a wager" Jie Er told her before she walked out. 

Rebecca composed herself after a few moments. She quickly cleaned up, got dressed and went out to meet the crew. 

"The plan is to extend the room from here" Jie Er explained, as the three of them stood outside the cottage; behind Jie Er's room. 

Piles of construction material were placed neatly by the side of the cottage; lumber, drywall, flooring, finishes, screws etc. 

"We can either have a corridor that separates our two rooms or just have a larger room attached to mine. With the second option, you can have two doors; one leading to my room and the other out of the house. You can use the back door to enter the kitchen" 

Blaze liked the second option. 

"Rebecca, do you want to start with the left wall? I will start laying the foundation and little Blaze can help us both when needed?" Jie Er asked. 

Rebecca nodded. 

"This type of wood is for the flooring. It is used to..." Jie Er started explaining to Blaze, after she lead him over to the materials. 

Blaze had never been involved in any sort of construction work before. So, he listened patiently. 

Soon the trio were proverbially sweating under the sun. As they were angels, they couldn't sweat. Angels did not have any form of excretory system. They just exchanged energy with the environment. When they felt hot they released energy and when they were cold they absorbed it. Food and energy manipulation bolstered energy reserves. 

"Aunty, what do you think really happened with my birth?" 

The question had been really nagging him, once he realized that he probably wasn't transported. He was definitely a male angel. 

"I think yours was an orphan birth. It's very uncommon, but the world sometimes creates a child without a mother. But don't you feel bad. I consider you my own" Jie Er said with a loving look. 

Blaze nodded and smiled back. He was never gonna call her mother, not after what he wanted to do with her. 

"At what age do angels become mothers?" Blaze asked, after a while. 

"Any time after they reach adulthood, at around a hundred years of age. But the prime age is between 150 &amp; 350. Some angels never manifest a child" Jie Er replied. 

Blaze already knew that the average lifespan of an angel was around 400-500. However, some strong angels have been known to live past 1000 years. 

"Let's wrap it for the day, angels" Jie Er said, once the sun started to dip below the horizon. 

They'd managed to lay down the foundation and finish the left wall. 

"Do you wanna stay for dinner, Rebecca?" Jie Er asked, as she ported the remaining materials back into her space ring. 

"Umm... Can I stay here for the night? I don't really have a house anymore and I need to find a place to sleep for tonight. I don't want to impose on you though..." Rebecca asked sheepishly. 

"What happened to your house?" 

"I was so sure of winning that I sold mine. I was getting a good deal" Rebecca replied awkwardly. 

"Oh... I do have an extra feather mattress. I bought it for Blaze. I can lay it down in the living room..." Jie Er replied kindly. 

"Thank you!" 

"Well, I will go start up on our dinner" Jie Er replied, walking into the house. 

"Do you want to live here with us, aunt Becky?" Blaze asked Rebecca, after the cottage door closed. 

"What!?" Rebecca asked incredulously. 

"I know you really love this place... You keep glancing longingly at that hot spring. I see the desire in your eyes, young padowan. haha" 

"Little Blaze, me and Jie Er can't even be considered friends. I can't just randomly move in with you guys. No matter how tempting it sounds" Rebecca smiled gently. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
She did not understand why Blaze seemed to like her so much, but he was starting to grow on her. 

"I can help you convince aunty. But, you will have to give me proper recompense" Blaze said with an evil grin. 

"What do you want?" Rebecca asked skeptically. 

"I get to <em>play</em> with you whenever I feel like it" 

"As long as it doesn't get in the way of something important, it's a deal" 

"If aunty Jie Er lets you stay, you will owe me another favor" Blaze added after he felt that Rebecca was too enthusiastic about the exchange. 

"I guess that's fair" Rebecca nodded. 

"Listen, Aunty Jie Er is a sweetheart. All you have to do is ..." Blaze laid out their method of approach. 

"Devious little twerp! How do you even think of these things?" Rebecca smiled after she heard Blaze's plan. She could see the plan working almost as well as the one he made against her. 

"What can I say? I am a manifested genius" Blaze replied as he led her inside. 

"Big sis Jie Er, let me help you with the cooking" Rebecca asked Jie Er enthusiastically, once they were inside. Blaze flopped himself on the couch and pretended to read a book. 

Jie Er turned back from her energy stone stove and looked at Rebecca with a raised eyebrow. Rebecca had an innocent smile on her face, while Blaze seemed to be not even listening. 

"Sure... Cut me some tomatoes and onions, I guess" Jie Er replied and turned back. 

"So big sis Jie Er, how have you been doing? The last time I saw you was when you were at Major Cassandra's party. I still can't believe you rejected a special invitation to become a captain! I thought I could beat you, but Blaze Er says that you are not even at your peak condition. I wish ..." Rebecca started to brown nose her as she cut the vegetables. 

Jie Er was initially suspicious, but soon started reveling in Rebecca's new-found respect for her. 

Soon, the dinner was cooked and the three of them ate together before heading to the hot spring. 

Blaze unwrapped their clothes for them before entering the warm waters. Once they sat down, Blaze clung to Jie Er as usual. He caressed her slit and massaged, sucked and licked her breasts, while Jie Er gently caressed his back and bottom. Rebecca, who had been dreaming of taking a dip in the hot spring, sank up to her neck in the water and relaxed her head against the stone embankment. She only threw an occasional glance at the other two. She was a little aroused by their display, but she stayed away. 

"Can we all use soap today, aunty? I feel a little dirty after today's work" Blaze asked her after twenty minutes of soaking. 

"mugh... yeah" Jie Er replied, startled from her lull. Blaze's ministrations had been gentler than usual, and she had almost been put to sleep under his spell. 

"Let's go then!" Blaze replied energetically, grabbing her arm and almost hefting her out of the water. Her wet breasts which were reintroduced to gravity jiggled heavily, as she smiled wryly at Rebecca, who had also been lulled into a reverie by the warmth of the water. 

"You should come too, Aunt Becky" Blaze exclaimed to her, while giving himself an evil mental grin. So far, the plan was proceeding perfectly. 

Blaze led Jie Er to their rock and made her sit on it, while he brought back bucket full of water. He took the bar of soap from her and started applying it to her legs. 

"Can I help you shampoo your hair?" Rebecca asked with a sweet smile, bringing out a bottle of shampoo from her own space ring. 

"Sure, thank you!" Jie Er replied. The events had proceeded too smoothly to warrant any suspicion. 

Rebecca applied the shampoo to Jie Er's hair and started massaging her head, while Blaze massaged her soapy legs. Jie Er was too used to Blaze's inclinations to say anything. She quietly enjoyed the sensations. 

Blaze did not make the process purely sexual and paid attention to her entire legs; starting from her toes, feet, heels, ankles, calves, knees and thighs. Finally, he placed his hands over her inners thighs and using his thumbs pulled along her femoral nerves. Her back arched in response and she moaned. 

Rebecca who had been massaging Jie Er's shoulder at that point, looked at Blaze and he gave her slight nod. Taking his cue, she climbed on to the rock behing Jie Er, and sat down with Jie Er sitting between her legs. Blaze lathered some soap onto his hands and passed it to Rebecca. 

Rebecca made Jie Er lean her head against her chest, pushed her arms under Jie Er's and started applying the soap onto her breasts with gentle circular motions. 

Meanwhile, Blaze cupped Jie Er's vagina with his soapy hand and gently rubbed her, pressing his middle finger against the length of her slit. He massaged her pussy until Rebecca finished applying soap to the whole of Rebecca's front. 

He then washed her vagina with some water and pulled her towards him by grabbing her thighs with his hands. He plunged his mouth onto her slit and started sucking it. 

Envisioning her experience from earlier, Rebecca started titillating Jie Er's breasts using the same techniques Blaze had used on her. 

Within a few minutes, the two of them had Jie Er coming freely into Blaze's mouth. 

"What are you two brats upto?" Jie Er opened her eyes and asked, after she stopped spasming. 

"The usual?" Blaze replied quizzically. 

Jie Er gave him a piercing stare before deciding that she might've been mistaken. 

"It's my turn, aunty" 

Blaze sat down on the rock after Jie Er got up. Jie Er grabbed the soap and started applying it to his body, while Rebecca did the same to Jie Er's slim back and round butt. She even slid her fingers into her butt crack and applied it to her butthole and the perineum, gently caressing her. 

After cleaning his body, Jie Er bent down to suck on his dick, but he stopped her. 

"Let's wait until we go back inside, aunty. Aunt Becky can help me with it for tonight. For now, let's wash her too" Blaze told her. 

Jie Er nodded and invited Rebecca onto the rock. The two of them repeated the earlier process with Rebecca, with pretty similar results. Once done, Blaze grabbed their hands and led the two naked ladies into the bedroom. 

"Sit in the middle of the bed, aunty Jie Er" Blaze nudged her forwards with his hand on her butt. Jie Er climbed on to the bed and looked at him with anticipation. She knew that Blaze always had new 'tricks' in mind. 

"Do you mind sucking on her vagina, aunt Becky?" Blaze asked, turning towards Rebecca. They had already agreed on it, but Blaze was putting on a show. 

"What ar..." Jie Er started, with her eyes widening in surprise. 

"Ok!" Rebecca's fast reply cut her off. 

Rebecca climbed on to the bed and looked at Jie Er with nervous anticipation. She slowly crawled towards her, while giving Blaze an enticing view of her glorious butt; her slit and pink puckered hole clearly visible. 

Jie Er instinctively leaned on her hands and spread her legs, giving access to her own slit. Rebecca grabbed her thighs and planted her mouth and tongue against her cunt. Rebecca's own butt was high in the air, giving Blaze, an invitation he couldn't forego. 

Blaze stepped on to the bed with his knees and moved to Rebecca's behind. He gave her arched back and plump perky butt a roving glance. He grabbed her ass and planted the length of his dick between her cheeks. Using her lubrication, he slid his penis to and fro against her slit and hole. He looked at Jie Er and she stared back in to his eyes. Her hands moving to stimulate her own breasts. 

After a moment, Blaze moved the tip of his penis to Rebecca's slit. He brushed his head up and down her hole with his hand, and then pushed it in. She swallowed him hungrily. He grabbed her hips and shoved his length in with one fluid motion. 

"Ahhhhhh!" Rebecca moaned, as her back arched even more and her head lifted off Jie Er's pussy. 

Blaze relished the clamping of her hot vaginal walls for a moment before he started sliding in and out of her. Resisting the urge to moan, Rebecca went back to the crevice before her eyes. 

Blaze slowly built up his momentum. 

Thump Thump Thump. His thighs collided against Rebecca as he pumped with abandon, while she mindlessly lapped away at Jie Er's vagina. Soon, their pleasure peaked, and when Blaze suddenly felt Rebecca's cunt tighten a little more, he fell against her back, grabbed her breasts, and exploded. Rebecca felt thick streams of liquid hit the walls of her cervix and the sensation brought her over. She spasmed and flooded Blaze's penis with her own hot fluids. 

Blaze lay against her for a few moments, as the burst of pleasure slowly subsided. He gave her breasts a squeeze, feeling their hefty weight in his hands. He gave a kiss on her back and got off. 

He looked at Jie Er, who was watching them with interest. Without a word, he approached and climbed on top of her, straddling her waist. He wrapped his arms around her and looked into her eyes with love. He grabbed her head with his hands and kissed her deeply. 

Rebecca, who could now focus, starting sucking on Jie Er's cunt with more dexterity. She penetrated her with her tongue and titillated her walls with darting movements, while above her, two other tongues performed their own little dance duet. 

Overwhelmed by the attentions of two people on her body, Jie Er came within a couple of minutes. 

"Thank you, you two!" she panted, after she regained her senses. 

Blaze slid off to her slide and hugged her, his head resting on her breast. 

"Good night, aunty" Blaze replied, as Rebecca curled up against his back. She slid an arm over his waist and hugged him. 

His desires quenched and snuggled comfortable by two beautiful curvaceous bodies, Blaze drifted into a dreamless sleep. 

The part of the plan where they showed Jie Er the bliss of having two people simultaneously pleasure her, without rousing her jealousy, was successfully accomplished. 

*** 

Jie Er woke Blaze up the next morning with a good morning kiss on the lips. Looking at the two naked women, Blaze's member stood up again. Jie Er sighed and took his penis into her mouth to him off. 

Rebecca was awoken by the sucking, but she pretended to stay asleep. The plan was to give him some time to talk with Jie Er alone. 

After coming in her mouth, the two of them headed into the kitchen to make breakfast. 

"Can we have Aunt Becky stay with us, aunty?" Blaze asked her innocently, as he helped her. 

"No little Blaze, she is an adult and she isn't family. She will want to find her own place to live" Jie Er replied. 

"But aunty, I really like her. I don't want her to leave!" he complained. 

"Listen child, me and Rebecca aren't really close. She is only here because of the circumstances. Neither of us would want to stay with each other for longer than necessary" Jie Er explained patiently. 

"But Aunty, she feels so good. I love putting my thing inside her. Didn't she help you feel good too? She is a nice angel. Why can't she stay?" 

"Blaze Er! That is not a good enough reason for staying together. If we bring in every angel we like, we wouldn't have enough room. You can just put your thing in my vagina. I am sure it will feel just as good" Jie Er said, as she cupped his face with her hand. 

Blaze gawked at her before he recovered. 

"It is just one person, aunty. Why can't you let her stay? How can you just use her for your pleasure and then kick her out? You are being mean!" 

"Blaze Er..." Jie Er didn't know what to say. She did not have a proper response to his words. Moreover, she started remembering the extremely pleasurable experience. 

"I don't think she would want to stay here, Blaze Er" 

"How do you know, aunty? Why don't you ask her?" 

"Ok Ok! Fine! I will discuss it with her, later. You should let us talk about it by ourselves and you will have to respect our wishes, Blaze. You can't force your desires on other people!" Jie Er chided. 

"Ok Aunty. If either of you really don't it, she doesn't have to stay" Blaze replied glumly. 

"Good Child!" Jie Er replied, patting him on the head. 

Rebecca showed up after they finished making breakfast. She had changed into a red lacy push up bra and a red micro skirt over a black thong. 

"Good Morning!" she said, taking a seat by the table. 

"What are you plans for the day, Rebecca? Are you going to search for a new house?" Jie Er asked her, as she handed her breakfast. 

"Thank you. Well, it's up to little Blaze. Her wager is still valid" Rebecca replied, looking at him. 

"I want her to help us finish the room!" Blaze said immediately 

"That answers your question" Rebecca smiled at Jie Er. 

In a few minutes, the three of them headed out to work on the room. They worked for a few hours before they took a break. 

"I need to head out for a little while. I must head to town for meeting a client for my work. I should be back in a couple of hours. Will you guys be fine by yourselves?" Jie Er asked, after a brief rest. 

"Ok, aunty. Don't forget to bring my clothes from Aunty Agatha" Blaze replied. She'd forgotten the other day. 

"Have a safe trip. I will keep an eye on little Blaze, until you get back. I can cook up some lunch too" Rebecca replied. 

Jie Er said her goodbyes and took her leave. 

"What did she say!?" Rebecca asked with excitement, as soon as Jie Er left. Blaze had given her positive signals in the morning. 

Blaze recanted their conversation. 

"That's good! I will take of the rest. Thank you, Blaze!" Rebecca exclaimed and gave him a hug. 

Blaze grasped her butt and snuggled his face into her breasts. 

"You are a needy one, aren't you?" Rebecca laughed, as Blaze pushed down her bra with his chin and popped a nipple out. 

Blaze nodded and looked at her for affirmation. 

"It's a good thing that you will have two of us. I don't think either of us will be able to keep up with you by ourselves" she replied, pulling him closer and sneaking her hands up his back. 

Blaze took her nipple into his mouth and started sucking on it, while grinding his hips against her. After a minute, he unclasped her bra and let it fall to the ground. He switched to the other nipple and sucked on it until he was satisfied. He stood up on his toes and kissed her on the lips, before leading her to dining room's high table. 

He told her to lean on the high chair and got behind her. He viewed her hair spread over her naked back with pleasure, before reaching down to her skirt and thong. He grasped them and pulled them down to her knees. She bent her knees, arched her back and pushed her butt up. 

He massaged her ass for a while before leaning in and bringing his face to her butt. He licked her slit and smelled her butt hole. It smelled like the rest of her body; like roses. He sucked on her vagina until she was well lubricated. He then moved up, considered it for a moment and licked her butthole. He used to be squeamish about even considering it with humans. It tasted like the rest of her skin. 

Satisfied by the taste and smell, he licked and sucked on it before he forced his tongue into it. He pleasured it more, pushing more and more of his saliva into it. It would need a lot of lubrication. 

He stood upright after a minute and brought his dick to her vagina. He plunged it into her slit and slid it to and fro for minute before he pulled out. He moved the head of his penis to her other hole and Rebecca's moans stopped. 

"Blaze Er! I don't think it will fit!" she exclaimed apprehensively. 

"Trust me" he replied, spreading her cheeks with his hands. 

Rebecca's hole clenched instinctively. 

"Loosen up, aunty. Try to relax your muscles" he said, sucking on his right thumb and then pushing it into her slowly. Her hands were clenched. Her face a mixture of trepidation and arousal. 

He inserted it the whole way and then pulled it out slowly. He repeated the process until her hole loosened considerably. He then placed his tip back against her hole and with the help of his finger pushed onto it firmly. Her hole refused initially, but gradually started accepting it. Once the tip was in, Blaze shoved his whole head in. 

Rebecca's back arched like a wave and she gave a loud silent gasp. Her hot anus clenched around his head with a steely grip. He pulled out slowly and shoved again, eliciting a similar reaction. He repeated, making more progress with every insertion. On the 8<sup>th</sup> shove, he finally had his whole length buried inside her. 

Blaze relished the vice like grip of her rectum for a moment, before leaning on her back and hugging her from behind. He grasped her breasts and showered her back with kisses. 

He then grabbed her hips and pulled his dick out till the edge. He paused for a moment before he shoved it all in. 

"Ahhhhhhh!" Rebecca gave out a shrill moan. 

He lost control and burst, coating her walls with semen. He spasmed into her a few times before he slowly pulled out, her anus squeezing him clean. 

"I am sorry, aunty!" he apologized, hugging her from behind. 

"What's wrong, Blaze Er?" Rebecca asked with worry. 

"I came without pleasuring you" Blaze replied. 

Rebecca turned around and hugged him into her breasts. 

"It's ok, dear. I don't mind" she patted on his back, comfortingly. 

Blaze cuddled into her. Although most of it was a childish act, he couldn't help feeling a little guilty and disappointed with himself. 

*** 

When Jie Er came back, Rebecca was teaching Blaze some of her own experiences with wing manipulation. One could always theorize with things like wing dynamics, but practical experience was also quite important. The brain couldn't perform the required calculations while flying, so short cuts and rules of thumb gained through experience were quite useful. 

"Here you go little Blaze!" Jie Er exclaimed, bringing out two sets of clothing. 

The two cotton tank tops were red and white, while the two boxers were black and red. The 'boxers' which looked more like boyshorts, came with padding and a neat pocket for his junk. The tank tops were short and seemed like they'd only reach his lower ribs. 

"Try em' out!" Jie Er told him excitedly, while Rebecca looked on with interest. 

Blaze sighed and got out of his clothes. He grabbed the red top and the black boxers, and quickly donned them. 

"Perfect!" Jie Er exclaimed. 

"A little old fashioned, but they look good" Rebecca added in approval. 

Blaze saw their expression and rushed to the mirror in the bedroom. He was aghast. He had hoped for a 'manlier' look; however implausible it was. But now, he looked more like a tomboy rather than a cross dresser. He wasn't sure which was worse. His only consolation was that they were really comfortable to wear. He walked back to the kitchen, looking glum. 

"Why the long face? They really do look nice" Jie Er said, walking up to him. 

She pulled his boyshorts up, uncovering his butt crease, and gave them a gentle slap. 

"You should wear them higher. It would accentuate your cute butt" she replied. 

Blaze immediately pulled his shorts back down. He took no joy in the fact that his buttocks were shapely and bouncy. He silently vowed to himself that as soon as he felt that there was no need to hide himself, he would get him some nice pairs of trousers and shirts. The fact was, he did not know why he had manifested in this world. It could just be a benign accident, but there could also be some other sinister reason. 

The three of them quickly ate their dinner and went back to working on the room. They worked for the rest of the day, taking small breaks, and finished building the room by evening. Jie Er brought out some furniture from her space ring and decorated the room with it; a table and a chair, a couple of paintings, a lamp with a shade, and a wardrobe with a mirror. Jie Er had the materials for a bed, but they decided to postpone it for another day. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Later that night, they had another round of rigorous 'workout' before falling asleep in each other's arms. 

*** 

The next morning, Blaze woke up to an empty bed. He had been quite tired the previous night, but he did not feel like he had slept in too much. A bit apprehensive, he walked in to the kitchen to find the women in a deep conversation. They were sipping on two steaming hot cups of cocoa coffee. 

"Mornin' Aunties!" Blaze said with a smile. 

"Have a seat Blaze Er" Jie Er said seriously. 

<em>Uh oh</em> 

"Rebecca told me all about your plotting. What do you have to say for yourself?" Jie Er asked him, after he sat down. She looked quite displeased. 

"Aunty... I am sorry!" 

"How can I trust you now, Blaze Er!?" 

"Aunty... I... didn't mean any harm. I just wanted to convince you to let aunty Rebecca to stay with us. I was going to tell you all about it afterwards. I promise!" Blaze said with a pale face. Jie Er was the last person he wanted to disappoint, in this world. 

Suddenly, Rebecca burst out laughing. Jie Er tried to look serious for a moment before her lips sprouted a wide grin. 

Blaze was confused for a moment before realization dawned on him. 

"Ha Ha Ha! Veeery funny!" he said sarcastically, before going to the stove and pouring himself a cup of the cocoa coffee. He came back and sat down with a pout. 

"How cute!" Rebecca pinched his cheek. 

"I am sorry Blaze Er. But it was quite entertaining. Rebecca came up with the idea after we discussed about her stay" Jie Er patted on his shoulder. 

"I guess I deserved that... So, what did you two decide?" Blaze replied, satisfied with Jie Er's apology. He was going to get back at Rebecca though. 

"We decided to try it out for a month. She will use your room until then. If things work out, she can continue her stay and we shall build you another room. If not, she will have enough time to find another place. What do you think?" 

"Does it matter? You two are the adults!" 

"Awww. Little Blaze is angry" Rebecca teased. 

Blaze got up from his chair and gave Rebecca a strong pinch on her right breast, before running away. 

"Come here, you brat!" Rebecca chased after him. 

After breakfast, the three of them decided to head out for the day. Rebecca's battalion was posted near Varna, so she agreed to drop Blaze off at the library before going to work. 

They said their goodbyes and Jie Er flew north, while Rebecca flew east with Blaze in her arms. Rebecca's wings were bright red with a glossy sheen to them. 

"Don't mess around while in midair, little Blaze. I don't want to accidentally drop you" Rebecca warned him, noticing an evil grin on his face. She had seen his look before. 

"yeah yeah, I know. You aren't getting away easily though. Just wait for it. I shall strike when you least expect it. Someone wise once said that waiting for an attack to happen is worse than the actual attack!" Blaze replied sagely. 

Rebecca snorted but did not continue the banter. She dropped him off at the library and gave him a quick peck on the cheek, before flying off to her battalion. 

Blaze marched inside and went to the librarian. He returned the history book &amp; started browsing for more. He picked up "Ethics of the Angels vs Ethics of the Demons - based on the personal experiences of Nala White" on the first floor, and "Physics of energy condensation" from the third floor. 

He walked to his previous spot and found the noble girl sitting at the same position. He sat down opposite to her, without trying to start a conversation. He picked up the book on Wind Dynamics and started reading it from where he had left it. He had only read about 30 pages of the three-hundred-page book 

"I see you are having some trouble with it" the girl said to him, after a couple of minutes. She might not have intended it, but he found her expression to be quite supercilious. 

"No, stupid. I just haven't read it for long enough. You were too much of a coward to take up on my wager, so I just read a book which was more interesting" Blaze replied caustically. 

"Which one? The Bavarian Tales of Magic?" she replied sarcastically. Blaze had finally managed to prick her ire. 

Blaze didn't know what that book was, but by her tone he guessed that it was a children's book. 

"No. I was reading 'How to deal with brainless snobby brats'" 

"hmmph. You are so inane. Keep struggling with something you have no way of understanding" the girl replied and went back to reading. She was now reading a book on Physics. 

Blaze snorted and got back to his own book. He wasn't going to prolong a conversation he had already won. Her retort was nowhere as good as his. 

Time flew by and afternoon arrived. Feeling hungry, Blaze got up from his seat. The girl did it at the same time. She seemed to be just a smidgeon shorter than him. 

"Shorty!" he coughed softly and walked away. For some reason, this angel was getting on his nerves, and he knew it wasn't entirely her fault. Maybe it had something to do with his new body. After all, he was technically a child angel. Did angels have hormones? Why was he acting so much like a kid? 

The girl followed him out. She manifested a couple of beautiful twelve-foot-long golden blonde wings, gave him a condescending look, and took to the skies. Her feathers dazzled in the sun and her angelic form was truly beautiful to behold. However, it only served to further annoy Blaze. 

"You are just gonna eat by yourself in some lonely corner of a castle or something" Blaze said to no one and started walking towards Agatha's shop. He was hoping he could grab some lunch with her and give some more input on his clothing. 

Blaze bumbled his way through the streets, before finally managing to find her store. 

"Little Blaze!" Agatha exclaimed and came up to greet him. 

"Hello, aunty Agatha" 

"What are you doing here? Those clothes look really good on you! If I may say so myself" 

"Just wanted to thank you and invite you for lunch, aunty. Aunty Jie Er gave me some pocket money. I also wanted to talk to you about the clothes" Blaze said with a smile. 

"I would love to, dear, but I already cooked some food. Why don't you just eat with me? There should be enough for two" Agatha replied going up to her shop's door and changing the sign to closed. She then took his arm and led him inside. 

Agatha's home was connected to her store. It was a condo like Jie Er's; living room, kitchen and a bedroom. Her home, however, was much more heavily decorated than Jie Er's. The furniture had a lot pink and purple shades. 

"Aunty Agatha? I was wondering if you could use colors like brown, orange, blue etc for the others. I am fine with just red, white and black too" Blaze told her as he nibbled on some fruit. He was gonna say that he hated pink, but his current surroundings took away that option. 

"Sure, dear. I wanted to use pink for some of your clothes, but I don't think pink goes with your hair" she replied, seeming to read his thoughts. 

Blaze nodded his head vigorously. He would rather manifest elsewhere than were pink. 

"So, how do the boyshorts feel. Are they comfortable around your thing?" Agatha asked after they finished their lunch. 

"They are very comfortable, aunty. Thank you!" 

"How about when it gets big?" she asked nonchalantly. 

"ummm... I am not sure. It hasn't gotten big while I am wearing them, yet..." 

"Let's try it out then!" she replied with a clap, quickly getting off from her chair. 

Without further ado, she removed her transparent skit and pulled her purple thong to her knees. She leaned against the table and pushed her naked butt invitingly at Blaze. 

He stared at her in perplexity, before shrugging his shoulders and getting up. In no world was he ever gonna say no. He guessed that he had left her quite horny the previous time and she probably wanted more. 

So, he dropped his 'boxers' and grabbed her hips. He spread her legs apart at the feet and made her bend her knees until she was at his 'height'. 

Placing his now erect penis against her puffy lips he rubbed it against her gently. Slowly parting her lips under the pressure. 

Agatha started letting out a slight moan, as her lower lips dampened. 

"Aunty Agatha, do you want me to what I do with my aunt? I promise it will feel good" Blaze asked her with Rebecca in his mind. 

Agatha looked back at him with a glazed look and nodded. 

He untied the string of her bikini and pulled it off. 

He pulled up his chair and sat down on it. He leaned in, giving her slit a kiss and licking it. He couldn't really place the taste, but she was sweet. He gently inserted the tip of his thumb and loosened her a little before shoving it in. She gasped. 

He pumped his finger until her pussy was drenched. Getting up to his feet, he placed the tip of his head against her entrance. Agatha looked back and sucked in a breath of surprise. 

"It's gonna be fine" he comforted her, massaging the small of her back. She nodded and turned her head back. 

Blaze applied gentle pressure, as her puffy lips separated to let him in. The tip entered easily but he faced some resistance after. He slid his member to and fro, loosening it up. Finally, with one final push he shoved his entire member in. 

Agatha moaned and her back shot up with an arch. He leaned forward and grabbed her perky breasts from the side. He pressed himself against her back and started humping her. 

After a while he turned her around and made her lie on the table. He eagled her legs and entered her. Looking into her passionate eyes, he gripped her breasts once more and starting pumping into her. 

Agatha's moans got louder and louder, until she finally gasped, arched her back and came; flooding Blaze with hot wetness. Blaze grabbed her from under and leaned into her breasts. He started humping more vigorously as Agatha's legs wrapped around him. 

Finally, with one last strong shove, he meshed his nether regions into her and came inside her, coating her walls with sperm. 

"I'd have to make you clothes for free if keep doing this to me" Agatha said as she gently caressed his back. 

"What are you saying, aunty Agatha? It feels just as good for me" he replied, lifting his head up. He gave her a kiss on the lips, sucking her lower lip for a moment before getting off her. 

"Can we do it again some other time?" Agatha asked enthusiastically as she picked herself off the table. 

"I am here to visit the library at least once a week. I will try to come by whenever possible" Blaze replied with a smile. 

"Perfect!" 

Blaze donned his clothes, kissed her goodbye and went back to the library. 

*** 

"That was a long lunch" the girl commented when he went back to his seat. 

"Unlike some, I have people who like my company" Blaze quipped back. 

"hmmph" 

"What's your name by the way?" Blaze asked after a couple of minutes. 

"Elyssa. I didn't realize you were interested in knowing" 

"Well, I can't keep referring to you as 'that girl' whenever I curse at you in my head. Now that I think of it, I can just call you shorty." 

"You... you... Brat! Why do you even sit here if you dislike me so much?" Elyssa exclaimed. 

Blaze was speechless for a moment. 

"I'd have you know that this particular chair is very comfortable. The table too. And, the view. You can't forget the view." he tried to cover it up. 

Elyssa looked at him dumbly for a moment before a knowing smile sprouted on her face. 

"What?" 

"Nothing" she replied simply and went back to her book. 

The two of them read in silence for a couple of hours, before Elyssa got up from her seat. 

"What's your name, child?" she asked gently. 

"Blaze" he replied without looking up. 

"See you again, little Blaze" Elyssa replied gathering her books. 

"Where are you going?" 

"Unlike some people, I have other things to do besides reading" she quipped and walked away, leaving Blaze dumbfounded. 

"This little...". 

When Rebecca came to pick him up later that evening, he was still grumpy. 

*** 

The week flew by with Blaze spending most of his day at the library. Despite their constant bickering, Elyssa was a tome of knowledge for Blaze and she freely answered any of his questions. He just had to put up with her airs after each question he posed. 

She also told him about the practice rooms at the library. They were rooms with heavily shielded walls that people could use to practice their skills. He used them to his advantage and practiced his energy manipulation and wing manifestation skills whenever. Jie Er and Rebecca gave him more guidance in the evenings, and with all this help he made quick and steady progress. 

"Mornin' little Ely!" Blaze chirped happily, as he sat down at his seat that Friday morning. He had finally managed to grow his wings to two feet. Jie Er had told him that with his growth rate, he could be flying by the end of the year. The simple thought of soaring in the skies made him delirious with happiness. 

"I told you to stop calling me that!" Elyssa said angrily. 

"Which part? Little or Ely?" Blaze asked with an innocent face. 

"You know which!" 

"Ok, little Elyssa" 

"I am gonna whack you" 

"You can call me a child, but I can't call you little?" Blaze asked a little annoyed. 

"But you are a child!" Elyssa stressed 

"And you are kinda little" Blaze replied, exaggerating her shortness with his hand. In truth, she still had forty years left to grow and although she was short for her age, no one could say how tall she would be by the time she finished her growth. 

"How about a wager?" Blaze said gently as he saw her face turning red with frustration. 

"What wager?" 

"Let's arm wrestle. If you win I will stop calling you little and if I win you stop calling me a child. And since I am a lot younger than you, if I win, I also get to order you around for a day. What do you say?" Blaze said provocatively. 

"That's not fair. Why do you get more out of the wager, if you don't consider yourself a child?" Elyssa retorted. 

"Ok. You get to order me around for a day as well" Blaze replied, seeing her point. 

"Deal!" Elyssa replied too quickly for Blaze's comfort. She seemed way too confident and she wasn't stupid. But, Blaze had defeated Rebecca and that was last week. 

"What's your specialization?" Blaze asked her skeptically. 

"None. I am good at everything" she replied haughtily. 

"Bah! Let's see how strong you are then" he said leaning forward and placing his elbow on the table. 

"You will regret this!" Elyssa smiled and grabbed his hand. 

Without any indication, both unleashed their full strength. Their eyes widened as they stared at each other in surprise. They equilibrium was maintained for a minute before Blaze's hand started to fall slowly. He exerted himself as much as he could, drawing as much energy as he could from within himself and the surroundings. His face turned red, but his hand's descent did not stop. Elyssa gained ground slowly but steadily, and soon his hand was at a forty-five-degree angle. Despite the pain in his forearm he held strong for a while before he gave in. 

"You are a brute!" he insulted her in indignation. 

"So are you!" she quipped back as she flicked her hand to ward off the pain. 

"Sigh. So, what do you want me to do? I am yours for a day" Blaze said grumpily, after a while. 

"Nothing. My win doesn't count" Elyssa shook her head. 

"What do you mean?" 

"You were not aware of my strength. I have the title of being the strongest young angel in the country. I've defeated many adult angels. This match wasn't fair from the start. You are also forty years younger than me and yet, you held your own. I just can't accept your loss" Elyssa replied morosely, but with a smile. 

"Can't accept my angel butt! A wager is a wager. Don't insult me with that crap" Blaze angrily. 

Elyssa gave him a deep look. 

"As you wish. I order you to stop calling me little, and I order you to forget about the rest of the wager" she said with a grin. 

"You!" 

However, Blaze could see the sincerety in her eyes and he wasn't the one to push for his own punishment, so he begrudgingly accepted. 

"Do you want to be friends?" he said after a moment. 

"Friends?" Elyssa asked dumbfounded. Firstly, she hadn't expected such a request from Blaze, and secondly, she'd never really had a friend. She had always been a step above people her age, and adults considered her a child despite her strength. She suddenly realized that she had been treating Blaze the same way. 

"What? Am I too much of a child to be your friend?" Blaze asked, a little miffed at her silence. 

"No, I'd love to be your friend" Elyssa replied with a brilliant smile, bedazzling him. 

Blaze stared at her dumbly for a moment before he came to his senses. Peeved that she could have such an effect on him, he decided to prank her. 

He got up from his chair and pulled another one beside her. 

"Ely. Since we are friends now, I will tell you a secret about growing taller" he said mysteriously in her ear, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. 

"What?" she asked interestedly. <em>Maybe there was a secret to Blaze's height.</em> 

"The thing is, you need to focus your energies less on growing your breasts and more on just growing" Blaze replied with mock seriousness, poking the side of her breast with a finger. 

"You brat!" Elyssa shouted, pinching him hard on the thigh and not letting go. 

"I am sorry. I am sorry. I was just joking" he patted her shoulder. 

"Wait, is that possible?" Elyssa stopped pinching and considered his words. 

"What!? Of course, I can joke!" 

"No, idiot. I meant refocusing energy from the growth of your breasts!" 

"No, it is not! Definitely, not! I know this for a fact. Don't even think of trying it. It's dangerous." Blaze said completely terrified. He did not need taller boobless angels. 

Elyssa looked unconvinced as she glanced at Blaze's chest. His height and lack of breasts was quite glaring. 

***** 

<strong>Author's Notes</strong>: <em>I am not quite experienced with anal. I hope I did a decent job of describing it.</em> 

<em>PS: I swear there is an actual story in my head. It's not all sex. Lol.</em>
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 04|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Edited by Dankmemez</em>

Chapter 4

Three weeks flew by after Blaze's friendship with Elyssa and with Rebecca dropping him off at the library almost every day, he and Ely spent a lot of time together. Over the weeks, they stopped getting on each other's nerves and grew quite fond of each other. Blaze still teased her, but both knew that it was just friendly banter.

Elyssa slowly stopped seeing Blaze as a child and now considered him her equal. Especially when it was related to Math and Physics. Blaze had surprised her with his mathematical understanding of flight dynamics. He understood concepts that most adult angels didn't even bother trying to learn.

Meanwhile, the intellectual exchanges with Elyssa helped Blaze understand more about the world. Blaze's initial impression of the world was that it was in a steampunk sort of era.

However, he couldn't have been more mistaken. The lack of technological proliferation seemed mostly because the angels seemed to be not as materialistic as humans.

But he couldn't really compare the technological advancement of the angel world with the human world. The angels had no concept of electricity. He found traces of the concept in their equations, but there was no physical technological equivalent.

The energy they used seemed to be something entirely different. Maybe dark matter and dark energy? He had an inkling that maybe the physical laws themselves may be different in this world or universe.

To put it simply, the angels seemed to be more advanced than humans in some areas, while less so in others. For example, they had no electricity, computers, or cell phones. But they could form energy weapons out of thin air and could shoot devastating laser like beams out of cannons. They had not traveled into space but had mastered the efficient use of energy in the world.

Blaze figured that the difference between the two worlds may be due to the longevity of the angels. The angels were theoretically stronger but practically weaker. They didn't have as many people to develop new things and change took longer than it did for humans.

Now five weeks since Blaze's appearance, he and his two angel aunts gathered outside the walls of their cottage. It was the morning of Loredas and he was eager to begin his flying lessons.

His wing length had finally reached four feet, which was enough to jump high and glide short distances. Thus, on Blaze's insistence, Jie Er had agreed to teach him the basics. Rebecca was there to help in case anything went wrong.

The sight of three angels standing in the idyllic grass fields with their wings manifested was a sight to behold; spotless white fluffy wings of Jie Er, dazzling red wings of Rebecca &amp; the red and white wings of Blaze. When he first manifested his wings, they were only red but now the inner regions of his wings were white and smoothly melded into his red outer feathers.

"Blaze Er, try flapping your wings as hard as you can without taking off," Jie Er instructed him.

Filled with excitement, Blaze channeled energy into his wings and flapped them hard. The wings managed to create a lot of wind, picking up dust and ruffling the angels' hair and feathers. They did not provide much lift. His heels were tipped off the ground, but it might've just been him standing tip toe in anticipation.

"Do you know why you didn't feel any lift?" Jie Er questioned.

"I guess we will all need a good shower after this..." Rebecca complained softly. She seemed to have received the brunt of Blaze's wing attack.

"umm... probably 'cause I didn't angle my wings right?" Blaze guessed using his knowledge of wing dynamics.

Jie Er looked surprised for a moment.

"Smart kid! That's correct. After the first push, you must angle them this way while bringing them back down," she explained, demonstrating slowly with her wings. Her wings moved through the air in a graceful oar like fashion.

"Angling your wings, the right way, is very important. Wing movements depend on what you want to do in air. There are six basic movements: taking off, ascent, descent, hovering, diving, and landing. We can learn the more complex ones after you learn to do these intuitively. It may be a little frustrating at the start, but all angels will eventually learn to fly as easily as they can walk," she continued with a smile.

Jie Er stepped back slightly, "Now, move back a bit."

"Stop!" she called out when they'd created a 50-meter distance between them. Rebecca stayed somewhere in the middle.

"Now try to fly to me. Use your instinct and don't be afraid. Rebecca and I will be here to catch you!" Jie Er shouted.

Not being one to fear minor injuries, Blaze nodded and concentrated on his wings. He moved his wings and went over the technique a few times, before he braced himself. He pushed off against the ground and leaped towards Jie Er; timing his feet and wings to be in sync with each other.

He managed to attain lift off with the first flap of his wings and then beat them rapidly to gain height. He soared to twenty feet and continued gaining elevation.

Unable to control his movement towards Jie Er, he awkwardly leaned forward and tried to angle his wings horizontal to the ground. His wings tilted as he leaned, gravity taking over as his body dived towards the ground.

He spotted Jie Er and Rebecca taking off towards him. His wings strained against the air as he drew ever closer to the ground. He desperately tried to regain control. The sudden feeling of lift pulled at his wings. A slow drag became a sudden yank against his back. The speed of his descent slowed, just as Jier Er caught him and he fell into her warm embrace.

"Good Job!" Jie Er beamed, as he hung on to her neck. The feeling of exhilaration filled him, his heart pounding in his chest.

"Not too bad for your first time, kiddo," Rebecca said, as she hovered beside them.

"Again!" Blaze screeched in excitement as he ran back to his position as soon as they landed. He felt like the first time he had learnt how to float in water; only this was much better.

The two older angels gave each other a grin before taking their positions.

For the next couple of hours, Blaze eagerly practiced even though he messed up almost every time. But slowly, he started gaining control and by the end of the day he had managed to crash right into Jie Er's arms on the ground. Learning to land was another day's lesson.

Jie Er and Rebecca repeatedly praised him while cooking dinner, and after a stimulating bath and a threesome, they went to bed for the night.

Although Rebecca got the new room, she barely used it, usually falling asleep beside the other two. However, Blaze had not taken the next step with Jie Er. The way their relationship was heading made him feel awkward about initiating such a thing. He had hoped Jie Er would ask him for it, but she gave him no such explicit indication.

***

The next day, Blaze worked on his landing. It was surprisingly hard to master, and the two angels taught him how to do it at different angles and speeds. At one point, Rebecca took him five hundred feet into the air and just dropped him without warning.

Blaze had panicked initially but managed to slow down before crashing into a terrified Jie Er.

Rebecca received a sound scolding for her recklessness, but Blaze secretly gave her thumbs up. He loved such thrills.

As they headed back to the cottage that evening, Rebecca spoke softly "I will be leaving after dinner. My division is having an exercise, and though it doesn't start till tomorrow, I must meet up with my battalion tonight. I should hopefully be back by next Sunday."

Blaze was a little disappointed. He would miss her 'company'; Rebecca leaving meant that he could not visit Varan over the week. Jie Er owned a small book printing store at a village to the south east and dropping Blaze off at Varan would add more than an hour to her flight time. Moreover, the two angels did not seem to have reached a decision on making Rebecca's stay official.

Regardless, they had a quiet but scrumptious dinner before Rebecca headed out.

"I will miss you, aunt Becky," Blaze said glumly, giving her a genuine hug.

Rebecca held his face between her hands and planted a deep kiss on his lips, before kissing his forehead.

"I will miss you too, little one," she said before leaning in to whisper in his ear, "I will let you use my other hole after I get back."

Blaze wasn't sure how much he liked anal, but her words brought up his spirits. Rebecca hadn't been too eager to try it after their first attempt.

"Jie Er. Since I am leaving a week earlier, I was wondering if you could extend my stay for another week. I love being with you two and I would like you to give me another week to let you decide," Rebecca asked her seriously.

Jie Er simply nodded but gave her a hug before seeing her out.

"I guess it's just us for the rest of the week," Jie Er sighed after Rebecca left. She took Blaze's hand and caressed it in consolation. Although Blaze had all his memories from before his manifestation, his emotions seemed to be governed by his new body. And since he was expected to behave like a child anyway, he gave in to his emotions.

The two of them spent a couple of hours reading books in the living room, before heading to bed.

Blaze got up from his couch and walked up to Jie Er as she placed her book aside. Climbing on top of her, he snuggled into her breasts. With his cheek resting on her left breast, he grabbed her right breast with his hand and gently squeezed it.

After a while, he peeled the cloth off her left breast; popping her nipple out. He lightly pinched it for a moment before he brought it to his mouth and started sucking on it.

"Shall we head to bed?" Jie Er asked quietly, after enjoying his ministrations for a few moments.

Blaze nodded without getting up. He moved his head to Jier Er's shoulder and wrapped his arms around her neck. Jier picked him up underneath his butt, as he wrapped his legs around her.

Once they reached the bed, he stood on top of it and discarded his clothes before peeling Jie Er's off.

Pulling her passionately into bed, he lay beside her. Looking into her deep blue eyes, he sneaked his arm underneath hers, grasped her waist and drew her close.

Caressing her naked back, he started devouring her lips voraciously as Jie Er squeezed his butt and pulled him closer. His leg made its way over her hips and wrapped itself over as he pulled himself even closer. They mashed themselves into each other, feeling the velvety smoothness of each other's skin.

Soon, Blaze felt an intense desire in his lower region. He broke contact with her lips and moved his body downward. He moved the head of his penis with his hand and placed it against her slit. It was hot and wet, and inviting. He did not look at her face as he battled against himself. Finally, he steeled his will and just pushed his way into the gap between her thighs.

Her legs were close together and her thigh gap allowed him to angle his tip away from her hole but still rub his base against her wet mound. She was so wet that it allowed his head to slide to and fro quite easily.

He hugged his face into her breasts and started sliding up and down and against her clitoris as he rotated his hips; one hand under her narrow waist and the other around her springy butt.

After a moment, Jie Er tilted his head up towards her, to kiss him deeply. He could feel her body respond. With the hand placed on her butt, he could feel it buck against him, sliding her hot hole against his cock, as she moaned loudly into his mouth.

Their throes of passion nearly resulted in his penis entering her several times. He thought of how tight she must feel. How much it would grasp at him as she was penetrated for the first time. Her bright, blue eyes met his gaze, his teeth seeming to grind slightly as he resisted the urge to let it slip inside.

Each time he would line himself up to penetrate her should he thrust again, he would quickly correct his angle, so that it slid across her slit and into the smooth, wet gap of her thighs

Jie Er felt a growing need in the pit her stomach. Every movement of his member over and between her lower lips sent waves of pleasure, starting from the point of their contact and spreading throughout her body with increasing intensity.

She so wanted his member to penetrate her lips and her hips tried to angle her motions to allow such a result. She just wanted to grab his cock and push it inside her. But she could feel both his desire and his inexplicable hesitation. She did not want to force him to do something he would regret.

The frustration of not having him inside her built up simultaneously with her arousal. Her movements gained a modicum of franticness as she held him tightly and humped her hips into his. Finally, as she gorged on his lips with an insatiable hunger, her body shuddered in release.

Streams of warm liquid washed onto his penis and Blaze mashed his hips into hers as he came between her thighs.

After mindlessly humping against each other and releasing themselves, the two of them broke their kiss apart. They looked into each other's eyes in silent reassurance and acceptance, before Blaze snuggled into her breasts. She hugged him tightly as they fell asleep.

***

The next morning, Blaze was stranded at the cottage with only his books to keep him company. He read his books and practiced, but he missed the playful company of Elyssa. The fact that he had to endure the solitude for the whole week made him even more restless.

By mid-afternoon, he finally decided to do something about it.. He couldn't depend on Rebecca for too long. What would he do if it was decided that she wasn't staying? He needed to figure out a way to get to Varan by himself. Jie Er would never let him travel alone until he mastered his flight; which seemed like it would take a while.

So, he needed to figure out a way to get to Varan and back by the time Jie Er returned home. Walking or running wasn't an option; Jie Er had mentioned dangerous wild animals. But maybe he could glide his way to the town. No, simply gliding would take forever. I need to dive glide to get there in a reasonable amount of time.

The cold katabatic winds coming down the slopes of the nearby mountains blew in the direction of Varan in the early morning. The evening winds came from the north. If he timed it right, he could use the winds to help him speed up his travel time. But first, he needed to learn how to dive glide.

Dive gliding was a technique which combined diving and gliding to cover long distances with minimum use of energy.

He took a short nap before heading outside. The northern winds from the Purple Sea started late afternoon and were cooler than the ambient temperature

He tested for the wind, unfurled his wings and hopped over the outer wall. Moving some distance from the wall, he positioned himself in the direction of the wind.

The cool wind stirred against his feathers, although ethereal, they felt very tangible when they were fully materialized. Feeling the steady breeze, he flapped his wings and jumped. He soared to about twenty feet before feeling the pull of gravity. He immediately flattened his wings and tried to angle his body slightly towards the ground.

He had expected the wind to aid him in maintaining elevation even as he gained momentum. Instead, he divebombed. He tried to soften the crash with his feet and arms, but a twenty feet drop was no walk in the park even for a winged creature such as himself. He ended up bruising his knees and scraping his arms.

Theoretically, if Blaze held his wings at a slightly slanted angle against the wind, his wings should deflect the wind downwards, creating an upward lift that should negate the pull of gravity. However, putting the concept into action was apparently not as easy as it seemed.

Not being put off by a few scrapes and bruises, Blaze tried it again. His attempt was met with a similar result. Are my wings not big enough? he wondered after the fourth crash landing. Suddenly, he spotted a raptor soaring high up in the sky, looking for prey. It was too high in the sky to make out its exact features, but he could see it float against the wind, almost stationarily, as it scanned the lands for food. That's it!

He had been trying to go with the wind. Maybe he could gain the required height and momentum, if he first tried to go against the wind.

He quickly got up to his feet and jumped to the air. He spread his wings to catch the wind, which blew him back and up like a kite. He reached a height of around forty feet before his body stabilized.

It wouldn't be fun to crash from this height, he gulped as he tried to look away from the precarious ground looming underneath him and focus his attention on his destination.

Steeling himself, he keeled sideways like a jet plane, keeping his wings as rigid as possible. His body sped towards the ground, but simultaneously gained significant lateral distance. He had the urge to curl up into a ball, but he kept his wits about him.

When he was about three feet above the ground, Bernoulli's equation kicked in - the lift finally trumped gravity and his body surged. He glided another sixty feet before he managed to make an awkward landing; some hundred feet away from where he started out.

Blaze squealed like a girl in glee. It was like a roller coaster. He was the roller coaster. Blaze, The Rolling Angel, he muttered to himself, before launching off a second time. This time his landing was much smoother.

When Jie Er came back that evening, Blaze was zipping around like a wayward fly. He couldn't fly too high or too far, but he could easily glide around a hundred feet in good time. If he could maintain his speed, he calculated that he could make it to Varan in a couple of hours.

Jie Er landed outside the cottage and stared at him speechlessly, as he landed before her with overdone gracefulness. She had spotted an angel darting around her house, but she wouldn't have even imagined that it was Blaze. He was progressing too quickly. How can she even do that with such short wings?

"What have you done to yourself!?" she suddenly exclaimed, spotting his scrapes and bruises. She grabbed his hands and started fussing over his wounds.

"It's alright, aunty. I was just crashed a few times. Nothing I can't handle. Did you see me glide?" he said proudly.

"You should've waited for me to come back!"

"I was bored, aunty. It's alright. I can deal with minor injuries. But did you see me glide? How was it?" he asked, his excitement not abating.

She sighed, "That's not the point! Come inside, I will apply some ointment," grabbing him and jumping over the wall. She was awfully proud of him, but she did not want to encourage such reckless behavior.

"You weren't supposed to learn how to glide until your wings were longer and stronger. Can you promise me not to try such dangerous techniques, especially when I am not around? What if you fell from a greater height? I can't even imagine what sort of things you did to learn the technique!" she admonished him, while applying a white cream over his knees.

"I won't unless I have to," he promised her. He just had to get to Varan.

Jie Er coddled him a bit more before they went to bed. This was why he couldn't take things further with her. But he had kind of come to terms with their relationship. Besides, he had Rebecca and Agatha for his needs.

***

"Don't try anything stupid" Jie Er warned Blaze, as she stepped out of the house on the morn of Tirdas.

"I'll try..." Blaze replied, trying to sound sarcastic. He had plans for being reckless.

It was a warm sunny morning and the breeze from the south east was starting to pick up momentum. He waited until the breeze reached a good steady speed before jumping up on the wall. He manifested his wings and launched himself in the direction of Varan.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
He glided for about hundred fifty feet before he had to land. He paused for a moment and jumped again. Although Blaze's sense of direction wasn't the best, he had been to Varan enough times to know the route.

The distance to Varan from his home was about ten yonders, and it usually took Rebecca around half an hour to get there. It took Blaze a little over two hours of gliding to do the same. The sun was high in the sky when he landed outside Varan. He walked the rest of the way to the library.

"What happened to you?" Elyssa asked him with concern, as he flopped himself beside her. He was exhausted and hungry, and his stomach growled in response.

"Aunt Becky has some stupid exercise with her division. She isn't around to drop me off," he muttered in reply, resting his head on her shoulder.

"I was talking about the cuts and scratches..."

"Oh, I was learning how to glide."

"You can already glide!? Wait a minute. How did you get here?", her eyes narrowing as she noticed his tiredness.

"Umm. I glided here?" he replied hesitantly.

"You what?" she exclaimed in disbelief, pushing his head off her shoulder to look at him.

Blaze tried brushing it off, "Yeah. I am not very good at it, yet. I could only glide about a hundred and fifty feet in one jump, before I reached the city."

"You can fly already!?"

"It's not really flying, Ely. I was just hopping and gliding."

"I was twenty-six by the time I could even try to fly."

"And?"

"Are you trying to piss me off? Most angels don't even have wings until they are in their thirties. Flying takes a few more years. You are flying at 19!!" she screeched as her voice kept getting higher.

"What can I say? I am a genius", Blaze replied nonchalantly, before resting his head back on her shoulder.

"Sigh... whatever... I can't believe your moth-I mean aunt, let you glide all the way here!" she said shaking her head. She had only recently found out that Jie Er wasn't his mother.

"Umm... She doesn't know that I am here."

"Wait, you came here alone!?"

"Obviously. Why would I make all that effort, if I had someone to fly me?"

"Blaze! It's dangerous. You could've run into dangerous animals. I will arrange for someone to take you back. Your aunt needs to know about this," Elyssa said with concern.

"Oh, stop making such a fuss, Ely. You know how strong I am. I can take care of myself. If we tell my aunt, I won't be able to come here for the rest of the week."

"You may be strong, Blaze, but there still are creatures that are much stronger than you. You can't even fly continuously. What if you're attacked by something that you can't outrun? I really think I should let someone talk to your aunt about this."

"Ely! Friends shouldn't snitch on each other. Listen, there will be a time when you'd have to do something secretly. Wouldn't you want my help at that time? Let's just keep this between ourselves. If you're so worried, why don't you drop me off?" Blaze hastily tried to convince her otherwise. He hadn't expected things to go this way.

"I am not allowed to wander off by myself either, Blaze," Elyssa sighed.

"Why? Aren't you like the strongest young angel in the country? You've even defeated adult angels!"

"Yes, that's why I am not allowed to wander off. Mother is scared that the demons might target me. Nip it in the bud, so to say," she explained.

"Well, that sucks!" Blaze replied and was silent for a moment.

"Ely. You know how it is to be cooped up all by yourself, right? I flew all the way, just to see you. If I head back early, I should make it back fine," Blaze tried to wheedle her.

"But..."

"Come on, Ely. I promise I won't come back until Aunt Becky comes back. You are my best friend. You shouldn't snitch on me like this," Blaze edged her.

If he couldn't come back to the library, he could just go elsewhere. But if Jie Er knew about his escapade, he may be put under house arrest until Rebecca came back. He wouldn't be literally confined but he doubted he could break a promise to Jie Er.

"Fine! Just this once. And only if you promise me to go home without doing something else stupid."

"You are the best, Ely!" Blaze replied, giving her a side wards hug and a kiss on the cheek. She grinned at him wryly.

Blaze had lunch with Agatha as usual and hung out with Ely for a couple more hours before deciding to head back. He didn't say anything to Agatha about his solo adventure.

"Take this space ring, it has a pike in it. Just in case." Elyssa handed him a silver ring when he got up to leave.

Blaze accepted the ring and put it on his finger. He had messed around with Jie Er's space ring enough to know how to use one.

He stopped by the librarian to inquire about the whereabouts of Rebecca's division. The location of the Red Rose Division was common knowledge and it wasn't hard to get her to divulge the information.

He knew that visiting Rebecca may put an end to his excursions, but there was a chance he could coerce her to keep quiet. Moreover, knowing her, she might even be fine with him taking such risks.

***

His way back home was eventless until he reached the half way point, where a stream flowed from the nearby forest and cut across the open grasslands. When he landed near the stream, he spotted an oversized white rabbit, a few hundred feet away from him, drinking from the edge of it.

It was easily the size of a large dog. It had humungous flappy ears and looked quite cute and cuddly. Blaze paused for a moment to admire it, when it suddenly raised its head and grinned at him. Rows of razor-sharp teeth marred its pudgy face. Fuck!

Blaze sprang into the air with haste. He glided as far as he could and looked back when he landed. The rabbit was chasing after him with its large ears acting as gliders after each hop. Its hungry red eyes had a vicious gleam to them.

"Why the Hela am I being chased by a freaking rabbit?" Blaze screamed into the air as he took off towards his home in a hurry.

The rabbit initially gained ground on him but thankfully its stamina seemed to be lower than Blaze's. After chasing him over a couple of yonders, its stamina gave in and it was forced to give up. Blaze gave out a breath of relief and rested for a few moments before hurrying back home.

When he got back, he slumped down on the living room's couch. He had never imagined he would be running for his life from a damned rabbit. It wasn't like he had been reborn as a piece of lettuce.

He started to reconsider his decision to go to the army camp.

***

By the next morning, however, Blaze had decided that the likelihood of running into the rabbit was quite low. He only waited until Jie Er's form vanished from sight before he took off towards Rebecca's division. He circled around the area where he met the carnivorous rabbit, which may or may not have been the reason for not running into it that morning.

It took him over two and a half hours before he spotted the camp. Thousands of angels were spread around a camp covering almost a square yonder. It seemed to be divided into four separate groups, with a mass of tents at the middle of each. Although some groups seemed to be doing exercises and there seemed to be a general hustle and bustle, the soldiers didn't seem to be too occupied.

Feeling that it wasn't that bad of a time for him to show up, he landed and approached the camp by foot. He noticed that most angels were wearing the same type of clothing. A red bikini and a tight wrap-around skirt that wove around the inner thighs, like pants, for easy leg movement. Most also carried a spear and a bronze shield.

Is that their uniform? Blaze wondered as a couple of angels spotted him and approached. Why don't they have more armor? The clothing material was mostly translucent except for the numerous stitched red roses, showing athletic physiques underneath.

"What are you doing here, child?" the brunette among the two asked him kindly.

"I wanted to see my aunt, so I walked here by myself," Blaze replied, donning an innocent expression.

The angels were surprised initially, but then a gentle expression came over their faces.

"Who's your aunt, little one?" the black-haired angel asked him softly.

"Aunt Rebecca is a first lieutenant!" Blaze replied energetically.

"hmmm. Do you know a lieutenant Rebecca, Tessa?" the black haired one asked Tessa.

"Maybe the Black Thorn Regiment?" Tessa replied, thinking.

"She wears a black and red corset" Blaze added.

"That sounds like the Black Thorn. I guess I will take her there and ask around," Tessa replied, giving Blaze a hand to hold on.

Blaze held on to Tessa's hand as she led him through the camp. He got a few curious stares from the angels, but no one stopped them.

Though the tents looked used, they were not hackneyed and were placed at uniform distances for each other, with enough room to easily move around. Weapons were neatly organized on racks and the equipment seemed sturdy and well maintained, with a visible sheen to the metal.

There were also a lot of 'magical' equipment, but the soldiers didn't seem to be using them for the drills. Some areas had battle rings set up where soldiers fought against each other using steel equipment. Rather than blocking, they seemed to be focusing on dodging.

Soon, they reached an area with a banner depicting a black thorn planted at the entrance.

"Oi!" Tessa shouted at a random angel.

"Do you know where I can find lieutenant Rebecca?" Tessa asked as she approached them.

"She is under Captain Dina. Head straight and the second captain's tent you spot is hers. She should be around there now," was the response.

Tessa walked him over to the tent and Blaze spotted Rebecca huddled together with a group of fifteen soldiers. They were sitting around a put-out campfire.

"She's there!" Blaze said with mock excitement.

Rebecca spotted them as they got closer. She excused herself and rushed over.

"What are you doing here?" she asked him with concern. She couldn't think of a good enough reason for him to be here.

"I missed you, aunty," Blaze exclaimed and hugged her, hiding his face between her breasts.

"Awwww." Tessa exclaimed.

"Thank you, soldier. Your help is most appreciated," Rebecca told Tessa with a grateful smile.

"It's alright, lieutenant. I wish I had such a loving niece," Tessa replied before heading back.

She beamed happily as she watched Tessa walk away and out of ear shot, before affixing Blaze with a stern look "Alright twerp, what the Hela are you doing here!"

"What? I missed you!" Blaze replied with a seemingly offended expression.

"Yeah, and the demons all turned into angels overnight," Rebecca replied wryly.

"Ok, fine! I was bored. But I really did miss you. A little." Blaze replied truthfully.

"How the hela did you get here anyway? I doubt Jie Er dropped you off. Don't tell me you walked all the way," Rebecca sighed, giving him a small hug.

"Of course, not" Blaze replied and proceeded to tell her about his accomplishments over the few days.

"I guess you don't want me to tell Jie Er about your trip?" Rebecca asked him wryly, after she got over her initial amazement.

Blaze shook his head vigorously.

"You owe me one, brat. Come, I will introduce you to my platoon. You can't be here for too long though. I will give you a tour and take you back," Rebecca said, taking his hand.

"Come on aunt Becky. What's there to owe between us? And, you don't have to bother about taking me back. I can get back by myself, it's good practice. Elyssa even gave me a pike. I should be safe," Blaze replied with grin.

"We'll see," Rebecca muttered as she took him towards her platoon.

"So, is this the kid you've been talking about, lieutenant?" one of the angels asked as they reached them.

"Yep. Everyone, meet Blaze Er. The little brat I can't seem to get rid of."

"Hello," Blaze said, pretending to be shy as everyone greeted him.

Rebecca's platoon was quite welcoming, and soon Blaze was sitting between two twins with purple white hair. Rin was the one with a choppy boy cut, while Lin's hair was long and braided. The two of them were quite small for angels, at around six and half feet, and seemed to be the scouts of the team.

"Have all of you fought with demons?" Blaze asked as the platoon's discussion on tactics came to an end.

"Most of us have faced them at least once before, but second lieutenant Clara is the veteran. She's been in two major battles and tons of skirmishes," Rin told Blaze, pointing at the largest angel of the group.

Clara shrugged her shoulders and smiled in confirmation. She was a tall, big boned brunette with muscles toned to perfection. Her body gave a vibe of great sinewy strength, without being marred by ugly huge muscles. A long mass of braided golden blonde hair dangled behind her. A heavy two-sided battle axe lay beside her.

"How come you aren't the leader of the group? You seem stronger than Aunt Becky," Blaze asked, trying to tease Rebecca.

But to his surprise, the usually combative Rebecca did not deny the fact.

"Rebecca is quite talented, little one. I will be three hundred and fifty-seven this winter and do not have much room to grow further. She is less than half my age and already quite strong."

"Hah! I already beat Aunt Becky and I am only 19!" Blaze replied proudly. He loved getting a rise out of Rebecca.

The angels just laughed. They believed Rebecca had just been playing around.

"She did beat me in arm wrestling," Rebecca replied begrudgingly.

The entire platoon stared at the two of them with disbelief.

"Do you plan on joining the army, child?" Clara suddenly asked Blaze.

It was Blaze's turn to be surprised. He hadn't really considered such a thing or even his future. He was still trying to figure out why he was in this world. And so far, it seemed as if his rebirth or reincarnation might have been just a random anomaly.

I dunno..." Blaze replied tactfully. He wasn't the one for following orders and joining an army was the definition of that.

"Just remember, individual strength doesn't mean much in a war. A good leader is worth ten soldiers with the same strength. Your aunt is worth more," Clara replied seriously.

Blaze nodded, with a new-found respect for Rebecca. He knew she was smart, but her impulsiveness and recklessness around him and Jie Er made him forget the fact.

"How is it fighting the demons?" he asked Clara, after a moment.

Clara considered the question before answering.

"Most recruits, after a skirmish or two, think that the demons are all cowards. But nothing could be further from the truth. They are ferocious and completely ruthless. Nothing fazes a demon soldier. Whether it's losing a limb, a friend, or their entire troop. Once they've decided to fight to their death, they will not stop until they are dead. An average demon soldier is stronger than an average angel soldier. A berserking demon soldier can take down multiple angels at the cost of her own life. Imagine how it is to face a whole army of them."

Blaze felt a chill go down his spine. He felt a little afraid for Rebecca.

"Thankfully, they don't berserk during normal skirmishes. They just run away if it isn't an easy victory. Thus, giving the false impression of spinelessness," Clara continued.

"Why the difference?"

"Demons are selfish creatures. They put their lives and needs above everything else. It is apparently not easy to make them fight when the chance of dying is high. So, the demon leaders only force them to do so in major battles or in a full-scale war."

Blaze nodded. He had read that the demons were self-serving and not very patriotic.

"Have you ever talked with a demon? Maybe they aren't so bad if you aren't fighting them," Blaze asked innocently.

Clara smiled at Blaze's presumed naivety. She seemed to find it endearing.

"Nothing more than hurling curses at each other. But trust me little one, demons are nothing like us. I've never seen a demon put herself even at the smallest of risks to save one of their own kind. If you see a demon stop by a wounded demon, it's usually to steal her equipment or food. Don't angelize demons."

Blaze could accept that demons were nothing like the angels. But, for some reason he couldn't come to terms with the fact that the demons were completely evil and vile. He had not come across any books which talked about their lives or circumstances. He had not seen any indication that demons and angels had ever tried to interact with each other in non-combative situation.

"Enough with the morose stuff, already. I heard from Rebecca that you guys have the perfect hot spring. Can you convince your aunt to let us have a dip?" Lin exclaimed trying to lighten the conversation.

"Hmmm. Maybe...", Blaze replied, his eyes wandering across their smaller angel forms. Though they were twins, their bodies were slightly different. They were both slim, but Lin was toned and sinewy while Rin was soft and smooth.

Blaze spent a little more time with the platoon before all of them headed for lunch. They had a bland meal at the army mess, where Blaze let himself be coddled by random angels.

After lunch, Rebecca took him on a tour around the camp. She showed him the training fields, the latest magical equipment, the energy canons, the Pegasi and Gryphon cavalry etc.

"Why don't the soldiers wear proper armor?" Blaze asked Rebecca, as they came across the practice arena. Even though he loved the getup of the soldiers, it didn't seem very practical.

Rebecca laughed for a moment "Armor? Where did you read about that? Armor hasn't been practical in armies for about a thousand years. Energy weapons can tear through steel like butter. Even basic body reinforcement can sometimes fare better than steel. Armor that is practical is very expensive. You can't really provide entire armies with it."

Body reinforcement was a method of supplementing skin and organs with energy to make them more resilient.

"What about those shields then?" He had previously assumed that the golden colored shields were made of bronze or a similar alloy.

"Stannium shields. They can stop most energy weapons. Stannium isn't very expensive, but it is heavy and not ductile. So, it's mostly used for shields and such."

"Are you sure you don't want me to drop you off?" Rebecca asked him when they arrived at the place where Blaze had entered the camp.

"I am sure. I don't want to waste your time. I'd rather do something else though," he replied with a sly grin.

"Of course, you do. Let's fly a bit further down to make it look like I dropped you off. I don't want people to think that I let you go home by yourself," Rebecca replied, grabbing Blaze with an arm and taking off.

They flew for over a yonder before they stopped under the shade of a large semanea tree (has a wide mushroom like canopy).

Blaze looked at Rebecca with an eager grin.

She shook her head as she undid her corset. She let it fall to the ground and her plump breasts bounced under the gravity. Her splotchless pale skin shimmered under the shadows of the leaves.

She smiled at him coyly and turned towards the tree, placing her hands on it. She bent forward and shimmied her legs back, pushing her perky butt towards him.

"Let's do it quickly. I might as well get back early and not have to explain myself to the captain," she told him, but her eyes were filled with anticipation.

"You sure, Aunt Becky?" Blaze grinned slyly, walking up to her. He pasted himself against her and reached for her breasts. He bounced and squeezed them as he planted kisses on her smooth back.

"Get on with it!" Rebecca taunted him. Somewhere along the way, she realized that Blaze took great pride in making them feel good. So, she wanted to tease him a little.

Taking her words as a challenge, Blaze immediately leaned forward and planted his face between her butt cheeks.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
He grabbed them firmly and started licking and sucking on her vagina with vigor. Rebecca moaned in pleasure and pushed her butt into him. Before long, her narrow slit was glistening under the combined wetness of his saliva and her fluids.

He gave her a long lick along her perineum before moving on to her other hole. She quivered as he pushed his way inside, coating her walls with saliva. She pushed his but into his face and grinded against him.

Satisfied with the amount of lubrication, Blaze stood up and grasped her hips, plunging his cock into her slit. Rebecca let out a loud gasp. He leaned over her, grabbed her breasts and started furiously pumping her.

As she held on to the tree for support, Rebecca's moans synced in with the thwacks, and within a few minutes she shuddered; drenching him with her warmth. Her knees gave in, but he held her by her waist.

He slowly pulled out, and after calming himself down for a moment, he moved his tip to her other hole.

Rebecca looked back at him as she felt the head of his penis against the folds of her anus. Her eyes were filled with a hint uncertainty. Her last experience was a little uncomfortable and though she attributed it to Blaze's lack of control that particular time, she was still unsure about anal penetration. Her only comfort was that it felt good against her ass and she had a inkling that like coffee it would only get better with experience.

Blaze gave her a determined grin and rubbed his length against her hole, trying to stimulate it. When it unclenched out of its own volition, he pushed himself with his thumb and penetrated her slowly.

Rebecca gasped, gripping the tree in front of her as her back arched down like a bow. Her passage clenched around him with a vice like grip.

Using the plentiful lubrication that he had put into her, he slowly but steadily shoved his way into her depths until his thighs collided against hers. He could feel the entirety of his length grasped by her walls.

He relished the sensation for a moment and suddenly pulled out.

Rebecca's back arched up as she sucked in a sharp breath of air. He slowly pushed back in, the resistance never decreasing, as her back curved in. She arched back up.

Her back set a rhythm of arching as he plunged in and out of her. He increased his speed slowly and was soon pumping her anus almost half as fast as he had done with her vagina.

Rebecca reached down and started rubbing her clitoris, stimulating herself even more. She used the tree and her legs to hump and grind into Blaze whenever he collided against her. Blaze reached a peak but resisted, waiting for her to come again.

He didn't have to wait for long. Rebecca quivered again as the nerve endings inside her rectum sent jolts of electricity through her body. Blaze felt a splash of warmth on his balls and he exploded inside her, coating her passage with his own warmth.

"That was way better than the first time," Rebecca commented, as Blaze fell on her back.

He simply nodded and rested his head on her back for a moment, before pulling out of her.

Rebecca crouched down on her feet and spread her cheeks apart with her hands, and he watched as white fluid dribbled out of her tiny hole and onto the grass. Rebecca took out a piece of cloth from her space ring and wiped herself clean before doing the same for Blaze.

"See you on Sunday, dear. You can't keep showing up at the camp, whenever you please. And don't wander off too far without telling Jie Er," Rebecca said after getting dressed.

"Dear?" Blaze asked with a raised eyebrow.

Rebecca was confused for a moment. "You know I am quite fond of you right?" she replied after a moment.

Blaze understood that it was not the romantic kind. He simply nodded and kissed her on the cheek.

Rebecca kissed him on the forehead and took off. Blaze started hop-gliding his way back home.

Blaze got lost in his thoughts as he headed back home. Dive gliding had been fun the first three times but now it had become repetitive.

Suddenly, he felt a chill down his spine. He turned his head in mid-air and found himself staring into fast approaching rows of saw-like teeth.

"Baaaaauuuuhhh" Blaze shrieked in terror. Instinct kicked in and he rolled in mid-air swinging his legs towards the approaching rabbit's face.

His feet collided against the rabbit's chin and it let out a shrill scream, while Blaze careened towards the ground.

Whether it was due to luck or instinct, he managed to land on his feet. He immediately kicked off and darted towards his home.

Rattled by the blow to the chin, the rabbit took a few moments before it started chasing him again. Once again, it could only chase him for couple of yonders before it had to give up.

"Damned rabbit! See if I don't make you into a stew!" Blaze cursed at it as he returned home.

***

Jie Er woke him up early the next morning.

"Five more minutes ..." he asked her groggily.

"I know it's boring for you to stay home by yourself. So, I thought I could drop you off in town before heading for work. What do you think? We just have to start an hour early."

"Yes!" Blaze exclaimed as he shot right off the bed. Yesterday had been too close of a shave. Besides, Elyssa wouldn't have him without Jie Er's permission.

Elyssa looked at him with a raised brow as he walked up to her, at the library.

"Before you say anything, I was dropped off by my aunt," Blaze clarified as he sat down.

"Why don't you miss me as much as I do?" he complained, throwing back the space ring she had lent him.

"Boredom and missing someone are not the same, little Blaze," Elyssa replied sarcastically.

"At least I get bored without you!"

"I would be too, if I was as free as you," Elyssa retorted back.

"You do realize that I am a lot younger than you, right. I am supposed to be free."

"Woe is me."

Later in the morning, "Ely... Is there such a thing as schooling?" Blaze asked her.

He didn't particularly want to go to school, but he did want to get any credentials that maybe required. Besides, he may even get to do some teachers and older students in the process.

New born angels usually looked like 11-12-year-old humans and were around four and a half feet tall. Forty-year-old angels looked like eighteen-year-olds. Jie Er at 166 looked like a woman in mid-twenties. Even the oldest of angels looked like women in late thirties.

"Naturally. How do you not know about this?" Ely asked with a raised brow.

Blaze decided that it was time to tell Ely the truth. He pretty much considered her his best friend on the planet, and he really couldn't imagine her being involved in some sinister plot.

"Ely... I hid something from you. I look like this because mine was an anomalous birth. I hatched a little over a month ago. I don't know a lot of things about the world..." Blaze replied carefully.

"That's a lame joke" Ely replied nonchalantly.

"I am not joking" Blaze said seriously.

It took a moment for her to register the seriousness in his voice. "What!?" she exclaimed, shooting up to her feet.

"I am sorry ..."

"What? No! I don't care about you hiding it. Is it really true?"

"Yeah..."

"Blaze! Do you realize how special you are? You are already so strong and knowledgeable. It's almost a given that you can become a Deity. Maybe even a Deva. Who else knows about this?" she asked him. Raised brows and wide eyes made her excitement quite evident.

"ummm... just Aunty Jie Er, I guess..."

"Blaze! You can't be careless about disclosing this until you get stronger. Can I reveal this to my mothers? I think we should take more precautions about concealing your age and talent," Ely exclaimed, sitting back down in her chair. She was a little rattled.

"Mothers?"

"Well... I have a secret of my own," Elyssa sighed. "I am a two-parent child. Not many people know about it. Please keep it a secret."

"Wait, what? Two-parent child?" It was his turn to be astonished. Was there another male angel?

"Yeah. When two angels develop an absolute trust between each other, they can sometimes develop a bond that will enable them to birth a child together. Each mother develops a single stiff wing, which can combine to form an egg. The resulting child will have ancestral memories from both parents," Ely explained.

"Do both your mothers have breasts?"

"What sort of a question is that?"

"Never mind. Is that the reason behind your extraordinary strength?"

"Partially," Elyssa nodded.

Blaze pondered for a moment.

"Can I think about telling your parents about me? I wanna take Aunt Jie Er's advice on it."

"Yeah, of course. Meanwhile, do be careful about who you reveal your age to," Ely warned him again.

"Is it really that big of a deal?"

"A potential deity is a target not only to the demons, but to other angel factions as well. It's best to hide yourself until you are at least as strong as an archangel."

The strength of an angel was divided into categories based on the number of wings they could manifest. Normal angels could manifest two wings (unless one was a variant). Archangels could manifest four; Deities - six; and Devas - eight.

"What about my appearance? I don't look like normal angels when I am naked."

"You don't?" she asked, a little surprised. "It doesn't matter. An anomalous birth doesn't necessarily correlate to strength. Your age is the major issue. We should maintain that you are nineteen or twenty. It would be better if we increase your age, but all angels get registered when they attend school at twenty. So, it may raise unnecessary questions if we say that you are older. My parents may decide otherwise, though," she continued.

"So, what does schooling entail?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot all about your initial question. Your aunt probably thinks you have plenty more time before you need to attend school. So, she probably did not bother mentioning it. Every angel needs to finish nine years of basic education by the time they reach a hundred. The norm is to attend once every ten years, starting from your twentieth. Since we are pretending you are almost twenty, I think you should start from the next school year," Ely clarified.

"Do you think I need to do all of them? Can I skip some years?"

"Yeah. You can pass out of each level by taking an exam. I am not sure where you belong though. If it is math, I'd put you at level seven. I am not sure about others. You can work it out at the academy."

"That's good! I don't feel like hanging out with little brats!" Blaze sighed in relief.

"You are a little brat! Anyway, why don't we attend the academy together, next year? I wasn't planning on starting my 8th level for a while, but it'd be fun to go together. We won't be in the same classes, but we can hang out afterwards," Ely replied.

"Sounds like a plan. When does the next school year start?"

"Should be in around four months."

"Who are your mothers, again?" Blaze asked suddenly. Jie Er had told him that Ely might be nobility, but he had never confirmed it with her.

"You didn't know?" Ely asked slightly surprised.

"How would I know? You've never told me," Blaze questioned.

"That's right, I never did!" Ely suddenly smiled brilliantly. "My left-wing mother is Duchess Anastasia Marigold. People think that she is my only mother. If your aunt agrees, we should go meet her at Cali. That's where she is currently staying. My right-wing mother is General Lynn Sturm," she continued with pride.

"That's quite a heritage. How strong are they?" Blaze asked in wonder.

"Both are deities. Mum is a level one deity. Mom is level two"

"What?"

"Yeah! They are strong. I wanna reach their level soon," she replied dreamily.

"No, idiot. Who is mum and who is mom?"

"Oh, I am sorry. Mum is the duchess and Mom is the general. It's confusing to use the same word for both," Ely enlightened.

"Ah! Makes sense. I guess I should call them Munty and Monty" Blaze joked.

Ely was confused for a moment before she burst out laughing.

"You don't seem too dazzled by how strong they are," she questioned after a moment.

"Pah. What are two puny low-level deities in front of a future Deva?" Blaze replied in mock arrogance.

"Don't you dare look down on my moms, you punk. I am gonna reach the Deva level before you do. I will kick your deva ass to oblivion!"

The two of them spent the rest of the day chatting about their lives and other such droll things.

***

"Duchess Marigold has a good reputation. Considering that her daughter already knows about you and seems to want to protect you, I don't think there is any harm in seeking her mother's help. I should've thought about this earlier. Your growth has been so unpredictably fast that its other implications have failed to cross my mind. I think we should also explain to Rebecca about your situation and bring her into the loop," Jie Er told Blaze, as they soaked in the pool, later that evening. Rebecca still thought he was a nineteen-year-old.

Blaze had described his earlier conversation with Elyssa, leaving out the details about her dual parentage.

"But, do you have to start school already? Do you even want to go to school? I wanted to spend some more time with you. I feel it's a bit early to send you off," Jie Er added, looking a bit sad.

Blaze who was floating on his back, got back to his feet.

"It's only for a year, aunty. I will be coming back," he said softly. They had both grown on each other, but he needed to explore the world. Being an earthling, boredom was quick to dawn.

"But I only just got you... Do you want to leave your aunty already?"

"Aunty... I want to be strong. I don't want to hide myself. Besides, people will get suspicious if I don't go to school. Some have even seen my wings..."

"Who's seen your wings?" Jie Er asked suspiciously.

"ummm... you know... at Varan. I practice at the library too..." Blaze tried to obviate.

"Fine! Have it your way," Jie Er pouted and turned her head away from him. She knew it was the right thing to do but she was a little miffed at how eager Blaze seemed.

"I will try to visit as often as possible, aunty," Blaze replied, paddling up to her and giving a hug.

"You are coming home every weekend!" Jie Er replied, ruffling his hair. "Tell Elyssa that we can meet her mother whenever she wants."

***

"So, when do you wanna go to Cali?" Blaze asked Ely the next day, after telling her about Jie Er's decision.

"How about the weekend after next? I can't wait to introduce you to mum. I wanted to attend this auction at Cali on that weekend too. We can attend it together. It will be fun!" Ely clapped her hands in excitement.

"Sounds like a plan," Blaze agreed and paused for a moment. "Ely? I was wondering... Why are you here? Is General Strum in charge of the regiment here?"

"No... Mom is at the border. I am here to learn a special movement skill from mayor Lina. The ones I inherited from my mothers are a little too advanced, and I needed a simpler movement skill for the next Comprehensive Young Angel Martial Tournament. I should master it within the next month or so," Ely replied.

A slight sense of disappointment filled him, "And are you gonna go home after that? When were you gonna tell me about this?" Ely was the only one he could call a friend in this world. The others were too old.

Elyssa looked like a startled deer.

"I am sorry... I..." she stammered.

"Sigh. I guess, it's a good thing I decided to go to school. I won't miss you for too long," Blaze sighed.

Blaze's reply brought warmth to her heart. She walked around the table, sat beside him, and gave him a sideward hug.

"Why didn't you hatch forty years earlier?" she sighed, placing her head on his shoulder.

"Why would I still be friends with you if I was born forty years earlier? You'd be too weak," Blaze joked.

Elyssa pinched him hard on his stomach, eliciting a muffled cry of pain.

"Don't make me kick your butt, little brat."

***

"Is this a joke!?" Rebecca exclaimed, as Blaze snuggled beside her on a couch, Surdas evening. The trio were sitting in the living room, after a sumptuous dinner and a quiet soak in the pool.

"No." Jie Er replied seriously.

Rebecca studied Jie Er and even more disbelief dawned on her face.

"You are seriously saying that Blaze is a month old!?" she repeated.

"Yep. I stumbled across her only a little after she hatched"

"Jie Er! Do you know how crazy this is? She may have Deva potential. The angels haven't had a Deva in eleven thousand years! She could tip the scales of the whole war!!" the concept both exciting and frightening Rebecca.

"I know... Well, at least now I realize the gravity of the issue. That's why we decided to..." she explained their decision to involve Duchess Marigold and General Sturm. It was a well-known fact that the two of them were inseparable friends.

"Hmm. That does sound like a good idea. We don't want too many people to know, but for Blaze to grow up properly we do need the support of some powerful people," Rebecca sighed, as Blaze silently sneaked his hand into her panties.

The two angels noticed his antics, but they were already used to it. They just continued to discuss the issue a little more.

"Well, you two have a little fun together. I am heading to bed," Jie Er said, getting up from her couch. Blaze was wrapped around Rebecca and sucking on an exposed breast, while simultaneously fingering her.

"Jie Er?" Rebecca called as she turned towards her room.

"Does this mean that I can stay?"

"Do you even have to ask?" Jie Er replied and walked away.

"How are you so insatiable?" Rebecca admonished Blaze as Jie Er disappeared into her room. Her face was flushed red and she knew it had been apparent to Jie Er.

"You're the one to talk!" Blaze muttered into her breast, as he brought out his hand and showed her the wetness.

"You caused it!" Rebecca replied, slapping his ass.

"You are gonna pay for that!" Blaze replied in mock anger, getting up from the couch.

He turned her around on the couch and made her lie on it with her knees on the floor. He pulled her panties down to her knees, revealing her wet slit. He got out of his boy shorts, climbed on top of her with one leg on the couch, and lined his tip against her hole.

"Take your punishment!" he bellowed, pushing into her.

"Mmmmph!" Rebecca moaned in pleasure.

"Is that all you got?" she teased him after a moment.

Not backing away from the challenge, Blaze leaned forward, grabbed her soft breasts and pounded into her until she came. They then moved to her bedroom and fucked themselves to sleep.

Blaze woke up the next morning, only to find Rebecca sucking on his morning wood. Noticing his wakefulness, Rebecca looked into his eyes and gave a slow wet lick along the length of his penis.

She climbed on top of him and pressed her lower lips against his length.

"It's time for your punishment," she enunciated her words.

"If you consider this punishment, I wanna be punished everyday" Blaze replied coyly.

Rebecca leaned forward and gave him a long kiss on the lips.

"You aren't allowed to release yourself until I say so," she replied, grinding against him; his dick was pressed between her soft and wet lower mounds.

"And if I do?" Blaze asked with a raised brow.

"Then your aunt will be the only one to satisfy your urges for the whole week" Rebecca replied, getting up to line his tip with her hole.

"And if I don't?"

"Hmmm. I will let you do whatever you want to me, whenever you want, for the rest of the week."

"Deal!"

Rebecca rode him for the next hour and half before she let him cum.

"So, what was this about?" Blaze asked Rebecca after he coated her insides with copious amounts of semen. At some point, he realized that Rebecca was overdoing it. She had come more than six times that morning and seemed utterly enervated.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I was curious to know how much essence I could release in one go. Seems like seven times is my limit," Rebecca sighed into the pillow.

"Be a dear and get me something to eat, please," she added, as Blaze got off her.

Blaze shook his head at her and donned his clothes before going out. It wasn't like he would ever stop her from doing such a pointless exercise, but he had no clue about why they thought that they were releasing liquid energy. It did make sense in a strange way, though.

"Mornin' aunty. Can I take some breakfast to Aunt Becky? She is a little tired," Blaze said to Jie Er, giving her a kiss on the cheek.

"What did you do to her?" Jie Er asked him, as she turned the eggs around. She had heard them go at it for the past hour.

"I did nothing. She was the one who was being stupid."

***

The next couple of weeks flew by as Blaze slowly but steadily improved his flying skills. He could now fly and glide for more than a tenth of a yonder, before he had to touch ground. Although it seemed normal considering that birds learned to fly within a few weeks, it was quite fast for an angel.

Angels did not fly purely based on aerodynamics and had to incorporate the world energies. This took not only skill and talent but also practice and hard work. It was akin to training a muscle. Angels usually took years to learn what Blaze had learnt within a matter of weeks, and most couldn't even manifest full-sized wings until they were forty.

Jie Er had also started teaching him the basics of body reinforcement and formation of minor energy shields. If one could provide for the massive consumption of energy, body reinforcement had no limits.

Blaze had picked up the basics quite quickly, but his reinforcement wasn't anywhere close to being practical. He could form a body reinforcement that was equivalent to iron armor, but it took him a good five minutes to manifest it throughout his body. Considering that he couldn't sustain it for longer than a few seconds, Blaze's skill was not particularly useful.

Body reinforcement was only useful, if one could bring it up as quickly and as intuitively as blocking a blow during a fight. Most angels in the army could do such a thing.

Blaze had slowly started to realize that despite his unnatural talent, he had a lot to learn and that it would take him years to reach his supposed potential. His delusion of becoming a superpower within a couple of years was slowly shattered, as he struggled to perfect even the most basic techniques.

What he had initially thought to be 'magic' were just laws of the world that were dissimilar to the ones from his previous world. Nothing was as simple as reciting a stupid incantation and 'poof!' something was done.

Finally, the weekend of their trip to Cali arrived and on the morning of Loredas, the three of them packed and headed to Varan. Outside the mayor's mansion, *description of mansion* Elyssa stood waiting for them.

She was standing by a carriage drawn by two Pegasi; one white, and one brown with white patches. Pegasi were large seven to eight-foot flying horses. They had large wings protruding from the ends of their scapula and ran all the way to their back. Their wing span was immense, and Blaze wondered how the two Pegasi would pull the carriage in air without their wings colliding against each other.

A tall dark blue haired angel was standing beside her. Her dress was simple; a red mini skirt and a white breast strap. Her posture was straight, and she looked tough and strong. A blue great sword was strapped to her back and she looked at them with a passive but observant look

"Hello, Min Jie Er and Min Rebecca. It's a pleasure to finally meet you. This is my protector Res Kal. She's going to drive us to Cali," Elyssa said, introducing the warrior angel. Res simply nodded at them in acknowledgement.

'Min' was the proper way of addressing an elder. It was the equivalent of Mr or Senor from earth. Blaze had mistakenly used the word 'aunty' for Rebecca, but he had continued using it because they had grown used to it.

"We've heard quite a bit about you from Blaze, Miss Elyssa. Thank you for taking care of her," Jie Er said with a smile, taking Ely's hands into hers.

"Just call me Elyssa, Min Jie Er. Blaze is the only one I can call a friend and is very dear to me." Elyssa replied sincerely.

"Call me Aunty Jie Er then."

"Just call me Rebecca. Blaze already makes me feel old," Rebecca added.

"You are old!" Blaze retorted, earning himself a smack on the head.

Without further ado, the four of them got on to the carriage. The inside was quite spacious, and the seats were plush and well cushioned. Blaze and Elyssa sat at the back end and the other two sat opposite. Each seat had seatbelts and all of them had to strap themselves in.

"Hiya!" they heard Res shout and the Pegasi took off. The carriage lurched up with a jolt and the Pegasi ran forward with increasing speed.

Blaze peeked out of the window to see them take off the ground. When the carriage reached a speed of around twenty miles an hour, the white Pegasus jumped into the air and started flapping her wings, tilting the carriage upwards. The second one took off a moment later and the whole carriage lifted off the ground, with the two Pegasi maintaining the height between each other.

<strong>Author's notes:</strong> 1 Yonder ~ 3 miles ~ 5km.

The rabbit is not entirely comic relief.

The visit to Cali should be a lot more 'fun' than this one (If anyone felt that this chapter wasn't erotic enough). Blaze will finally get to do someone his size. Get your minds off the gutter. It's not Elyssa. She is his best friend, for heaven's sake.

<strong>Important Note:</strong> About Blaze going to school - It won't be too much. Maybe a couple of chapters. I am not going to be focusing on school life. The school is there for two reasons. Firstly, I wanna fulfill my fantasy of doing a teacher. You will find out the second reason soon enough.

I've drawn a preliminary map of Azra-El. Make sure to check it out in the Artwork section.

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong>

Q: Why does the continent look like Australia?

A: I donno... It just happened to look like it. Technically, it could be Australia, USA, or an inverted China.

Q: Are there more continents on Azra-El?

A: Probably.

Q: Will you draw them?

A: If people find my story interesting enough to warrant a second book.

Q: Who will inhabit the other continents?

A: That's a secret.

Q: Are there going to be pregnant angels? (someone asked)

A: Not any time soon. Angels aren't humans. They have a completely different method of reproduction. Why would they randomly get pregnant the human way? But I am not averse to possibilities -- something may happen -- wink wink*

Q: When are the demons going to show up?

A: The demons won't show up at least for another few chapters. The first half of the story doesn't have anything to do with demons. We are still some way from finishing the first half.

Q: Will there be aggressive sexual scenes?

A: I am not sure about this. Technically, there may be a lot of situations with the demons where I can write such scenes. But I am not sure if I want to. Let's see.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 05|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Notes: </strong>Ooh. Someone mentioned if I would include different types of angels. I looked into it and was surprised at how many different types and categories of angels there were (excluding the fairies and pixies I mention in this chapter). I am going to do some research on it. I've never been too religious, so my knowledge about angels is derived only from the stuff I've read as a kid.

<strong>Something Important to consider:</strong> Someone commented that I shouldn't be like people who write something and make the later chapters for pay. <strong>This book and anything that follows is never going to be for money</strong>. But I'd like people to consider something. Writing takes up a lot of time. It may take only an hour or so for you to read a chapter of this length, but it takes a lot more for an author to write it. I am financially stable and currently have a lot of free time, so I can do something like this for fun. However, not everyone is as lucky as I am. Please consider supporting people whose work you like and need the money to continue that work.

The pegasi drawn carriage was a wacky looking contraption. It had two wide airplane wings on the sides, and a mushroom shaped inflatable leather top that seemed to be filled with buoyant air. It seemed as if someone tried really hard to make the thing float but did not put much effort in its aesthetic look nor tried to make it into an efficient flyer. It was, however, quite spacious.

"Is the duchess aware of our meeting?" Jie Er asked Elyssa after the carriage leveled at a height of about two thousand feet.

"Yes, but she doesn't know why we are meeting her." Elyssa replied.

"What did you tell her?" Blaze inquired.

"I just told her that my friend and her aunts are coming to visit and that I want her to meet them"

Cali came into view a couple of hours after they started from Varan. If Elyssa hadn't referred to it as a town, Blaze would've assumed it to be a city. It was quite vast with spread of over a couple of yonders. Unlike Varan, large buildings were not concentrated at the center and the whole town seemed to be arranged into distinct blocks. It seemed to have a population of at least twenty or thirty thousand people. Vast fields of farmland surrounded the town, and irrigation canals cut through the lands from the eastern river.

The carriage flew over the town wall unimpeded and sped towards the center. It headed towards a small hill to the middle eastern part of the town.

"That's the duchess mansion. Mum got herself transferred when I moved to Varan" Elyssa said, pointing towards the lone mansion at the top of the hill.

However, to call it a mansion was doing it injustice. It reminded Blaze of lavish French chateaus. The acreage of both the mansion and its surroundings was huge, essentially occupying the entire hill. The central building was at least a few hundred feet wide, with elaborate towers, spires, and steeply-pitched roofs.

"Transferred?" Blaze questioned.

"Anyone above the rank of an earl gets transferred about every decade or so" Elyssa explained as if it was common.

<em>Hmmm... Why would hereditary positions have transfers? Either there are concerns over consolidation of power or the positions work more like the civil service, </em>Blaze wondered as they flew over the numerous fountains, lawns, play courts and ponds that were spread over the hill. It seemed as if the hill housed more than just the duchess and her retinue. Or, her retinue was extra-large.

The carriage landed between the entrance of the mansion and the extravagant fountain at the front. Elyssa jumped out of the carriage, with excitement, and Blaze followed her. As soon as they stepped out, the large and heavy wood doors of the mansion swung wide open and two angels walked out.

"Mum!" Elyssa shouted and ran up the stairs to her mother. Blaze waited for his two aunts to step out as he observed the two angels.

Even without the difference in attire, Blaze could easily make out Elyssa's mother from the two angels. The resemblance with Elyssa was conspicuous.

Duchess Marigold was a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She had piercing gray eyes that seemed to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that was put up in a fontange.

She wore a sky-blue neck gown that revealed plenty of cleavage. The gown reached the floor but had wide cuts at her hips which revealed her bony hips and long thighs. Blue diamonds studded her breast coverings and a blue diamond circlet adorned her hair. A couple of blue sleeves covered her slim arms and a flared black and blue collar enshrined her head.

She gave Elyssa a quick but warm hug and waited for her guests with a gentle smile. As they climbed the stairs, they noticed the conspicuous air of nobility the duchess exuded. And although Blaze had been irritated with Elyssa, the Duchess did not cause a similar reaction. She radiated poise and elegance. She made him feel assured and that everything around her was in her control.

"You must Elyssa's dear friend! I've been quite excited to meet you. You're very beautiful" the duchess exclaimed taking Rebecca's hands when the trio reached her.

"Mum! She's my friend" Elyssa exclaimed pointing at a wryly grinning Blaze.

Rebecca sprouted a jubilant smile and Jie Er seemed a little miffed. Did that mean she looked old enough to be Rebecca's aunt?

The duchess seemed taken back for a moment.

"Isn't she a bit young to be your friend?" she whispered in Elyssa's ear, as if the others could hear her.

"Sigh! That's why we are here. I will explain once we get inside"

"Ahem" the duchess cleared her throat. "Hello little one. You're also very beautiful"

"Not as much as you Min Marigold. Thank you for having us over. This is my Aunt Jie Er Lokra and this is Rebecca Flynn. Umm... she is also my aunt, I guess" Blaze replied with an amused smile. The duchess already seemed a lot more approachable than she looked.

"Aren't you a charmer. Come on in everyone. You all must be hungry. Siv has prepared a delectable breakfast for us" the duchess replied taking Blaze's arm and leading them inside.

Siv was the other angel standing beside the duchess. She wore a skimpy black and white suit and seemed to be the duchess's butler. She looked to be the oldest angel among the group.

They entered the chateau and stepped into a wide receiving chamber with long corridors leading to the interiors. The dome like ceiling was high with a massive central chandelier. Elaborate depictions from some angel tale were painted around the center, like the ceiling of the Sistine chapel.

Rebecca and Blaze looked around, a bit bedazzled by the grandeur.

They took one of the corridors filled with portraits of grand looking angels. and walked to a huge dining room. A long twenty angel glass dining table with silver cutlery stood at the center.

The duchess sat down at the head of the table and the others followed suit. Elyssa and Blaze sat to her left and the two older angels sat to her right.

"Shall I begin the meal, mistress?" Siv asked the duchess.

"Please" she responded, and soon several maids started bringing dishes, course by course; ranging from different kinds of breads and hors d'oeuvres to soups and salads.

"So, you wanted to discuss something?" Anastasia asked after they finished eating.

"Mum, can we get some privacy?"

Anastasia gave Elyssa a curious look and waved at the maids. They quickly disappeared.

"Guess how old Blaze is" Ely asked her mother.

"80?"

Elyssa burst out laughing.

"What?"

"Why would you guess that?"

"Well, I thought maybe that's why you brought her here. I guessed she is an unnatural and that she maybe older than she looks?" the duchess responded, suddenly becoming more curious.

"She is an unnatural alright. But..."

"But?"

"She is actually younger than she looks. Stronger and smarter too. Maybe not as mature though..." she replied with a grin.

Blaze controlled the urge to chuck the piece of cinnamon roll that he was munching on at Ely.

"What?"

"Yep. Guess again?"

"20?"

"Nope"

"Enough with the suspense already. Just tell me already?" Anastasia replied a little irritated.

"Blaze is six weeks old. She can already manifest her wings and can fly short distances. I believe she has deva potential. She is also my friend, so you better not have any weird plans for her" Ely explained concisely.

"Are you serious?" Anastasia asked contemplatively. She seemed to be reacting much more steadily than anyone else had.

"Yep. I won't be surprised if she catches up to me within a few years" Elyssa replied, and proceeded to tell her more about Blaze.

"hmmm" Anastasia looked at Blaze and studied him closely. She seemed to investigate his body just like Jie Er had done that one time.

"Her bone age does indicate her youth" she sighed after a moment.

"How did you come across such a freak?" she replied. "I mean that well" she added to Blaze before she continued. "I guess this is better than you telling me that your only friend is a child. I was beginning to think that there was something wrong with your social skills".

"Mum, can you be a little more serious?"

"What do you want me to do?"

"Mum! I was hoping you'd be a lot more proactive and try to find a way to keep Blaze hidden for some time. Why are you being so unconcerned?"

"What's the point of stressing out now, child. There is only so much we can do. I can keep her hidden, but it would only hinder her growth. She needs to face the world and its challenges to grow faster"

"Mum, I was hoping you'd help them more"

"Of course, I will, you silly girl. Let me contemplate on it over the weekend"

"Meanwhile, all of you should have some fun over the weekend" Anastasia said looking at everyone. "I hear there is the play 'Much Ado About Everything' showing at the theater. There is also a Flyball match on Surdas. Maybe you two would be interested in that."

"We were thinking of going to the auction today. It starts at three in the afternoon. I can show them around the town until then."

"Good! I hope you all have a great day. I will consider the matter further and we should discuss it more Miss Jie Er. Siv will show you to your rooms. Feel free to use all the facilities. Siv!" Anastasia (the duchess) said getting up from her chair.

"Siv, you can show Aunt Jie Er and Rebecca to their rooms. I was thinking of having Blaze in the room next to mine. Is it prepared?" Elyssa asked her when she showed up from the side room.

"It is my lady"

"Perfect. When do you guys want to go out? How about in half an hour?" Elyssa asked the others.

They agreed and dispersed into different corridors. Elyssa led Blaze through the central courtyard and then they took a spiral staircase to the second floor. They walked through another long corridor to the back of the chateaux. A large living room with couches, bookshelves and games was connected to three rooms.

"The previous duchess had three kids" Elyssa said pointing at the three rooms. "I picked the middle room when Mum moved in. I haven't really used it though" Elyssa said, leading Blaze into her room.

It was a spacious room with an intricately carved ebony bed at the center. It was covered with plush pillows and sheets and surrounded by lacy curtains. Massive paintings of landscapes covered three of the walls, and the fourth led to a wide circular balcony with a breathtaking view of the city and the surrounding hills.

A desk and chair were placed near the right window of the balcony, while a small tub/pool large enough for two or three angels was carved into the floor on the left. A couple of doors connected to the rooms on either side.

Blaze took the doors to the other rooms and checked them out. The room on the left was similar to Elyssa's, but the room on the right had no partition between the room and the balcony. The pool was also larger and had an uninhibited view.

Blaze instinctively picked the room on the right. Maybe he'd have a maid over for a bath. Besides, it had blue sheets. Blue wasn't his favorite color, but his masculinity had recently been taking heavy punches.

The two of them freshened up a little before they headed out. Jie Er and Rebecca met up with them at the receiving chamber and they all headed to the city on the pegasi carriage. The duchess had provided them with a driver for the day.

***

Elyssa showed them around the town for the rest of the morning. They stopped by an art gallery, which had a couple of beautiful landscapes by the famous painter Camille Corot, a local park known for its beautiful sculpted garden and a four-thousand-year-old ruins of a fortress.

They went back to the chateau for lunch and after a short nap they headed out again. Elyssa and Blaze split up with the other two at the auction hall. Jie Er wanted to go shopping and dragged Rebecca with her. She gave Blaze a couple of hundred Aur before they left.

Aur was the currency of the Heavenly Union. A single aur had the value of around ten dollars. There were also plats and fers. One plat was worth ten Aur and a hundred fers were worth one aur.

The auction hall was a colosseum like structure, with a central platform to conduct the auction. The carriage driver had used the duchess's influence to get the two of them a couple of front row seats in a private section. So, the two of them made their way to the front as a crowd started to pour in.

"'Lyssa!" they heard a shout as they made it to their little private section with four plush crimson seats.

Blaze noticed a flash of annoyance in Elyssa's face before she turned around with a stiff smile.

A young angel in an impractical outfit was making their way towards them. She was around their height and seemed to be a little younger than Elyssa. She was quite beautiful, with free hanging midnight blue hair that reached her elbows, lightly tanned skin, pouty pink lips and an angular jaw. And although she was the same height as them, she looked lean and tall. However, she had a ditzy look in her sparkling hazel eyes.

Her lower outfit comprised of knee length flowing veils of thin white cloth in the front and back, attached to a string around her hips. The top was a wraparound that seemed to be in constant danger of slipping off her breasts. It had frills covering her left breast and capered into a narrows strip that only hid her right areola. It was angled in a way that the frilly material on her left breast barely hung from her nipple. A crown of pink flowers adorned her hair.

"What are you doing here? I thought you were in Varan!" the angel said with an equally flighty voice and smile.

"What the hela are you wearing?"

"This is the latest fashion 'Lyssa. Giada's has put out a completely new selection. You should check it out. Who is this?"

"Sigh. Whatever. This is my friend Blaze. Blaze, this is Astrid. A distant cousin" Elyssa replied taking a seat in the middle.

"Hi" Blaze replied sitting beside her.

"Hey Blaze. What do you mean distant? We share a great great great grandmother." Astrid replied seating herself on Elyssa's other side.

"Didn't you come here with someone else?" Elyssa asked her.

"Yeah. My friends are over there. There a pretentious lot. I'd rather spend time with you" Astrid replied, pointing at a group of bombastic angels making their way to another private area.

"And I'd rather you spend time with them"

"Aww. Don't be like that 'Lyssa. It's been a while since we hung out. You finally have a friend too. Tell me about her"

"It's not been long enough" Elyssa replied.

"How old are you Blaze?" Astrid asked. The angels didn't seem to have any qualms about asking another's age. Or maybe it was just Astrid.

"20"

"That's awesome. 'Lyssa is sixty. I am forty and you are twenty. I can be the bridge between you two" Astrid replied randomly.

"You are more like a sore between us"

Blaze giggled. The two of them were so incongruous. He couldn't even figure out whether they were serious or if it was just banter.

"'Lyssa, did you know they are auctioning the dress Clara Perkins wore in the premiere of 'Came with the wind'? I wanna get it so bad"

"Of course"

Blaze quietly listened to their repartee as the auction house slowly filled in. Suddenly, Blaze spotted a trio of angels looking in their direction. They quickly averted their eyes, but Blaze had a feeling that they had been observing at them.

Two of them were older angels but one seemed to be around Astrid's age. The younger angel and the one that seemed like her mother had pitch black hair and quite good looking. The other angel's hair was also black but seemed to have a greenish tinge to it. Their attire seemed to be a little foreign and all three of them had a dot of different colors at the center of their forehead.

"Do you know who they are?" Blaze nudged at Elyssa. She looked at where Blaze was looking and spotted the source of Blaze's curiosity.

"They seem to be from Anyin. It's to the north west of Aranya. Why?" she replied.

"Do they have any reason to be looking at us?"

"ummm. I don't think so. They are a part of the heavenly union, but are kinda isolationist. Maybe they were just looking around. Your aunt's first name is an Anyin name. But I don't see how that would matter as you aren't related to her genetically"

"Maybe they..."

"DEAR ANGELS! Welcome to Kara's three hundred and thirty seventh annual auction of Cali. We have a splendid collection of items for auction tonight. I hope all of you have come with purses full to the brim" a gorgeously dressed angel shouted, stepping on to stage, diverting Blaze's attention away from the foreign angels. The entire auction house quietened down.

"Since we have a long list of items, I am just going to get started. Unearthed from the outskirts of Thule, the first for auction tonight is an ancient embossed pot. It is said that..." the angel proceeded to give a descriptive introduction to the item.

Soon, the auction was fully on its way. Blaze found it quite entertaining. Most of the items were interesting and the auction proceeded at a quick pace. The items ranged from antiques and weapons to foreign cloth and other doodads. Even the dress Astrid was talking about was auctioned. She was very excited when the dress came out and had competed in the auction until the price went past a thousand Aur. She said that she might have bought it if not for the fact that she couldn't wear it for another fifty or sixty years.

An hour and half in, an item which finally interested Elyssa appeared.

"Dear angels! The next item is a spear, personally crafted by the renowned Valinna Strom. At a hundred and twenty minas*, it needs strong arms to wield it. But don't be fooled by its weight. The staff of the spear is made from Qliphoth wood and is very flexible. The spear head is made from Stannium and is lined with Viridian. It is extremely hard and can conduct minor magic. The weapon is perfect for any spear wielder under the level of an archangel. The starting price is one thousand aur" the auctioneer said, bringing out a twelve-foot-long spear, placed on an ornate holder.

Mina was a unit of weight measurement. It was a little more than a pound from earth.

Elyssa immediately sat upright with interest.

"You use a spear?" Blaze asked her surprised. He did not think that she'd be interested in such a common weapon.

"Yeah!"

"I guess it makes sense. It can help you with your short reach" Blaze teased her.

"That it does. That's why I think you should learn how to use a club. It will be fitting, considering your brute strength"

"I do like whacking things"

"I like daggers. Gouging things is fun" Astrid interjected seriously. The other two looked at her baffled, unsure whether to take her seriously or not.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
The price of the spear climbed up quickly to twelve fifty aur.

"Fifteen hundred!" shouted an angel with a raspy, but enticing voice.

The sudden increase in price brought everyone's attention to an angel sitting by herself at one of the middle rows.

"Brija!" Elyssa exclaimed.

"Who is she?" Blaze asked looking towards the source of the voice. He immediately noticed her. Her short scruffy white hair and light caramel colored skin were striking among the rest of the angels. Her light brown full lips and piercing green eyes gave her a natural air of strength.

"She is the strongest angel under a hundred in Aranya. She placed fifth in the previous Comprehensive Young Angel Martial Tournament" Astrid answered him.

"1550!" Elyssa shouted her first bid, garnering attention. Brija looked at them curiously but did not seem to recognize Elyssa.

"Isn't <em>she</em> the strongest?" Blaze asked Astrid, pointing at Elyssa.

"She has the potential to be the strongest young angel on the continent. She hasn't participated in the tournament though. Brija will be her toughest opponent in Aranya"

"I am the strongest" Elyssa replied willfully, surprising Blaze. Maybe it had something to do with both being spear users.

"1600!" Brija responded nonchalantly.

"1650!" Elyssa raised it up a notch, trying to scare her off.

"1700!"

"Damn it! I can only afford two thousand five hundred" Elyssa told them, a little frustrated. It did not seem like Brija would let it go easily.

"Just get more from your mum. I can give you my two hundred if you need it now" Blaze replied.

"I don't want to. Brija comes from a poor background. I don't want to use more than my allowance" Elyssa replied.

"That's silly, Ely. It's a freaking auction" Blaze replied, knowing full well how stupidly righteous she got at times.

"I know" she replied curtly. "1750!"

"Sigh. Why don't you challenge her then?"

"Not until the tournament. I want to beat her at her best condition"

"What about a wager?" Blaze replied slyly. Something about Brija's silent strength attracted him deeply.

"What are you planning Blaze? She won't be stupid enough to accept it. Besides, I don't to want cheat her out of the spear"

"Don't be stupid, Ely. She doesn't have to accept the bet if she doesn't want to. And, I am no cheater!" Blaze replied, removing a piece of paper and pen from his storage ring.

He quickly jotted down a few lines.

"Here, sign this" he said, handing the paper to Elyssa.

"Blaze! Why are <em>you</em> challenging her?"

"1800, going twice"

"1850!"

"Why shouldn't I?"

Elyssa opened her mouth to argue back, but she quickly turned silent. She knew she wasn't going to win the argument. Blaze was an expert at finding loopholes in her judgement. Besides, the terms of the wager seemed quite reasonable. Even she wasn't sure who was going to win.

"1900!"

She sighed and quickly signed it. Blaze grabbed the paper and started walking towards Brija. The auctioneer thought of stopping him, but decided against it after glancing at Elyssa. She had already received information about the duchess's daughter attending the auction.

Brija looked at Blaze curiously as he walked up to her and handed her the piece of parchment. She carefully read it as Blaze admired her sinewy form. She seemed to be taller than Rebecca. Her legs were smooth and long, and she had them crossed over on another.

Her attire was simple but on her it was quite sexy. She wore skin tight black boy shorts, a simple bikini top and a sleeveless half jacket. A black harness crisscrossed around her upper body and thighs. The couple of buttons at the front of her boy shorts were open, revealing deep into her groin.

"She is Elyssa Marigold?" Brija asked him, bringing him out of his trance.

Blaze nodded.

"Why should I agree to this wager?" Brija replied after giving Elyssa a deep, but appraising look.

The terms of the wager were simple. If agreed upon, they would stop the bidding and buy the spear at the current price, each paying half the amount. Brija would then face Blaze in a bare-handed fight in which they could not use any complex energy techniques. If she could grapple him to the ground within five minutes, she would win the spear. If not, Elyssa would get the spear. Blaze also added that since he was less then twenty years old, Brija would also have to spend the night with him. She did not have to do anything she didn't want to.

Brija did not really understand what spending a night with Blaze meant, but she assumed that Blaze would probably ask her about her spear techniques. Little did she know that he intended to show her his own spear technique.

"Ely is a little silly and thinks that using her mum's money to win the spear is not righteous. I thought up this wager to make it fair for both of you. If you don't agree, I could try convincing her to use her mother's money instead" Blaze replied nonchalantly.

"You really think you can win?" Brija asked seriously. She did not believe that Elyssa Marigold would cheat her over a lower grade spear.

"I probably will"

"Are you really only twenty years old?

"Not yet"

"Are you a pixie or a fairy?"

"umm... No... I don't think so"

Pixies and fairies were a subset of angels. Both started out with two pairs of wings instead of one. Pixies were smaller than angels and excelled in agility. Fairies excelled in speed. Fairies were endemic to the north-eastern regions of the Heavenly union, where woodlands and pine forests were common. The pixies were common in the southern rainforest regions.

Both fairies and pixies were quick learners of Flying and Brija wanted to know her opponent before accepting the bet.

"You do realize that if you beat me, you'd probably replace Elyssa as the angel with the most potential, right?" Brija asked. She would've thought Blaze was playing a prank on her, if not for the fact that the auction halls inaction seemed to indicate that the blonde angel was in fact Elyssa Marigold.

"Yep. That's why we need to do this privately"

"Alright. I will accept the wager. But, I am going to buy the weapon first. We can split the price after we finalize the terms" Brija replied.

"I didn't expect this to be so easy" Blaze said surprised.

"I do not care much about Elyssa defeating me in the tournament. She is bound to surpass me at some point. However, I am curious to know what it is that gives a mere child the confidence to face me in a one on one combat" Brija replied with tough smile.

"You'll find out soon enough" Blaze replied and turned back. He liked her. He liked her a lot.

"2000!" Brija bid again, but Blaze gave Elyssa a thumbs up to stop her from bidding further.

"She agreed?" Elyssa asked him when he reached her. Noticing that Elyssa wasn't going to bid further, the auctioneer sped up the process and Brija won the spear.

"Of course, she did" Blaze replied.

"Oh Blaze, I still feel so wrong about doing this"

"Ely... She didn't have to agree to it"

"But you're the one who is fighting!"

"And?" "Ely. I consider you my best friend on this planet. And, as your best friend, your fight is mine and my fight better be yours" Blaze said firmly. He had always been protective of his friends. He had waged a minor war on his high school's entire football team when a couple of them bullied his best friend. But that was a story for another day.

Elyssa was strapped for words.

The auction lasted for another hour. Astrid had bought a medieval gold brocade, but Blaze hadn't found anything interesting to spend his money on.

"Where shall we do this?" Brija asked them as they walked up to her after the auction. She did not seem to be the type for small talk.

"We should go to our manor. There is plenty of room and is away from prying eyes"

They all climbed into the carriage waiting for them and headed back to the manor.

"You were one of the reasons, I picked up the spear" Elyssa muttered as the carriage took off.

"Oh? I am honored. I expected you to be an archer like your mother or a sword user like general Sturm" Brija replied.

"I was until I watched you fight in the previous martial tournament. The way the spear moved in your hands fascinated me"

"I look forward to face you in the tournament"

"Me too"

***

The group ran into the duchess in the receiving chamber of the chateau.

"Oh my! My little girl is making more friends. Oh, hello Astrid"

"Hello, Mon Marigold" Astrid curtsied.

There were two common forms of address -- Min and Mon. Min was intended for angels who were a generation older. Mon was intended for angels who were more than two generations older. A generation in Azra-El was a hundred years. Astrid referring to the duchess as Mon meant that she was at least a couple of hundred years older than her.

"Sigh. Mum, this is Brija. We are having a friendly competition between Blaze and her"

"The Brija? I must see this. Siv!"

So, they got two more audience members as they proceeded to the back gardens of the manor.

"The rules are simple" Blaze explained once they found a wide, open area.

"If you manage me to grapple me into submission within five minutes you win. We can't use any energy manipulation skills besides the basic ones like body reinforcement. We must remain within two hundred feet from where we start. Stepping out of bounds implies a loss. You can't use any weapons" Blaze continued.

Brija nodded. Although it seemed like the rules were unbiased, she had an inkling that they were greatly skewed in Blaze's favor. But, she wasn't going to argue with a twenty-year-old angel. In human terms, it was essentially a twenty-five-year-old fighting with a twenty-year-old.

"Mon Siv, can you mark a two hundred feet area for us? And can you be the referee. You need to keep the time and make sure no one steps out of bounds. You can also put a stop to the fight if you must"

Siv procured some flour out of nowhere and marked a circular area. The rest of them seated themselves at a shaded patio outside the makeshift arena.

"Ready when you are" Blaze said after putting some distance between himself and Brija.

Brija simply looked towards Siv, who pulled out a silver fob watch out of her pocket.

"Begin!" Siv shouted, taking both Blaze and Brija unaware. They had expected her to give some sort of forewarning.

Blaze immediately manifested his wings and took to the air, putting more distance between him and Brija. He heard a couple of gasps. Brija looked at him amazed, but she quickly recovered.

"You never intended to fight me, did you? Can you keep it up though?" Brija asked, noticing his furiously flapping wings.

He couldn't but she didn't need to know that.

"Why don't you try me?" Blaze taunted.

Brija immediately manifested her wings. At seven feet tall Brija was already a daunting figure, and when her pale ash grey wings unfurled she seemed even more imposing.

Her wings were long and narrow; each wing around nine feet long and three feet at the widest. They seemed to be built for sustained speed. It wasn't ideal for Blaze, but it wasn't the worst. He just needed her burst speed to be lower than his.

Intending to quickly end the match, Brija leapt towards Blaze covering the distance between them in a moment.

Blaze folded his wings and dived. Brija followed him as he sped towards the ground. Elyssa screamed thinking he was going to crash, but when he was less then four feet away from the ground he unfurled his wings and glided away, almost scraping the grass with his feet.

Brija landed with a thud at the place where Blaze was supposed to have crashed. Blaze landed about fifty feet away from her.

"This is your lil' trick?" she asked him with narrowed eyes.

Blaze nodded with a grin. Since his encounter with the carnivorous rabbit, Blaze had perfected the art of gliding dangerously close to the ground. In fact, it was the only way he could gain both speed and distance with his short wings.

He was banking on the fact that Brija wouldn't easily be able to emulate the move. It wasn't because he thought that he was exceptionally talented at flying or that Brija would be a poor flyer, but because there was no need for anyone to practice such a pointlessly dangerous move.

Brija grit her teeth. It made sense why Blaze had chosen to limit the fighting space. If she had enough room to gain momentum, it would be much easier to catch him.

Without wasting time, she rushed at him again. Blaze leapt to the sky and just when she was about to reach him he dived. He repeated the maneuver but realized Birja wasn't following him. After putting some distance between them, he landed and looked back. He made sure he had enough room between himself and the edge of the makeshift arena.

Brija had chosen to observe him instead of blindly racing after him.

"You are quite clever, but you are also immature. You understand that you can't get close to the border or you will corner yourself, but if you had more experience you'd have known that it is foolish of you to expect me to not realize the same"

Blaze cursed inwardly. He had hoped that his maneuver would be good for at least a few minutes. He opened his mouth to prolong the conversation, but Brija didn't give him the chance.

"Hela's Butt!" he cursed out loud and took to the air as Brija zoomed towards him.

He repeated the only move in his flying arsenal, but soon realized that once again Brija had not followed him. He found her hovering a little to the left of where he had been. He had dived to the right.

<em>Shit.</em> Brija had chosen to randomly pick a direction instead of following him on his dive. If he wouldn't fly towards the border, there were only two sides to pick from. Probability was not in his favor.

Brija smiled at his darkening face and raced towards him. It was too early, but he couldn't risk not using the other trick up his sleeve.

He leapt to the air and dive glided towards the border. Brija had chosen left again. She came to a stop in mid air and looked at Blaze with a puzzled expression. <em>Had she missed something? Why would she corner herself?</em>

She pondered for a moment, trying to figure out what Blaze could do next. She could catch up with him in any direction he dived. He didn't have enough room.

"3 minutes up!" Siv shouted.

Brija lurched towards him. She couldn't waste too much time thinking.

Blaze felt the wind against his face as he prepared himself. He bent his knees low and jumped with as much force as he could. He spread his wings wide and caught as much wind as possible to gain more elevation.

When he reached a height of around sixty feet, he looked at the speeding Brija and kamikazed towards her.

Brija was startled for a moment before a knowing smile sprouted on her face. She sped towards Blaze without slowing down.

And just as everyone thought that they would collide, Blaze swerved to the right. Anticipating his movement, Brija stretched out her hand to grab him. However, contrary to her expectation, Blaze grabbed her arm with both his hands.

Angling his wings to catch the wind, he used their combined momentum to swing Brija around and threw her towards the border as hard as he could. Surprised by both his move and his inordinate strength, Brija tried hard to control her movement. Blaze's wings collapsed under his speed and he hurtled dangerously towards the ground.

Anastasia was quick to react. She leapt towards Blaze with her magnificent blonde wings and caught him in her arms.

Blaze didn't even notice how tightly he held on to her as she slowly descended to the ground. He had not expected to go so out of control.

He muttered a quick thank you to the duchess and looked towards Brija. She seemed to have made a safe landing.

Brija looked at the ground in front of her. There was no white line in front of her. She sighed and headed back towards the rest of the angels gathering around Blaze.

"You're a sly one, lil' Blaze" she said with a wry smile.

"And a reckless one too" Elyssa added.

"You'd have won if I wasn't lucky. I didn't have any more moves" Blaze replied, still clinging on to the duchess. Brija had landed less than a foot outside their makeshift border.

"Here's your spear" Brija replied, bringing it out of her space ring. She wasn't going to argue over the duchess' involvement. She was only preventing a meaningless injury.

Blaze took the spear and Elyssa handed Brija a bag of aur. It was her half of the price.

"What's this about?" Anastasia asked them curiously, still holding on to Blaze. Neither of them seemed to be inclined to let go. Blaze's nerves were still a wreck and the soft comfort seemed to calm them down.

Elyssa explained their wager as they walked back inside.

"And you agreed to this suspicious wager?" Anastasia asked Brija as they sat around her in the receiving chamber.

"My curiosity got the better of me. I can't say I'm disappointed though. I was expecting a more blatant trick. Blaze fought with bravery and guile. A fight is not always a contest of pure strength. It was truly my loss" Brija answered.

In truth, Blaze had made it seem like Elyssa would've have just used her higher monetary power to buy the spear if she had not agreed to the wager. Now she was sure that Elyssa had no such intention. However, she meant every word she said.

"Well said!" Anastasia clapped her hands and then took out a piece of paper. She scribbled something on it and handed it to Brija.

"Take this to Valinna Storm. She promised me to make a personalized spear for Elyssa. You should get it instead"

"Duchess! I can't!" Brija exclaimed.

"Don't think of it as a gift. You've won it from me by showing the strength of your heart. I will be quite disappointed if you refuse"

Brija accepted the piece of paper gracefully.

"Why don't you stay for dinner, Brija? Siv has prepared a delightful feast for Blaze and his aunts tonight, and I'd love to have your company" Anastasia added.

Brija agreed and they spent some time chatting until Jie Er and Rebecca came back from the play they'd gone to watch. They all had a scrumptious feast before they split up.

The duchess invited Jie Er and Rebecca to have a chat with her, while Elyssa took the rest upstairs to play a game of Catopoly. It was a game like monopoly but was much more complex. To Blaze's surprise, Astrid ended up winning the game and it wasn't due to luck.

"So, what now?" Brija asked Blaze after the game ended. The game had lasted late into the night.

"Would you mind sleeping with me in my room?" Blaze asked her, trying to not to sound too eager.

"Not really. My house only has two rooms and we share beds whenever we have guests over" Brija replied.

"What are you planning, Blaze?" Elyssa asked him.

"Nothing. I will tell you later. What's the plan for tomorrow?" Blaze replied, diverting the topic.

"Mum's procured a couple of prime seat tickets for the Flyball game. It's Aranya vs Thule. Should be quite interesting. And oh, mum told me to apologize to you two on her behalf. She'd have gotten more tickets if she had known you two would be here" Elyssa said, stifling a yawn.

"She shouldn't be" Brija replied.

"Can I sleep with you, 'Lyssa?" Astrid asked her, enthusiastically.

"No" Elyssa replied bluntly. "The room on the left is free"

"Awww"

***

"So, what did you want with me?" Brija asked Blaze, removing her half jacket and throwing it on a chair.

Blaze closed the door to the room behind them and stared at her almost nude back as she stretched her arms up. Her scapula protruded, and the valley of her spine deepened as she stood tip toe.

Her wide shoulders contrasted with her narrow waist and her tight boyshorts accentuated her butt.

"Do you want to take a bath?" he asked her, looking at the little indoor pool.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Isn't it a little cold?"

A cool breeze blew in through the open window. However, it did nothing to cool the rising heat of his body.

"The pool can be heated" Blaze replied. Elyssa had shown him around in the morning.

"Ooh. That does sound good. Let's do it" she replied excitedly, reaching for the clasps of her bra. Her toned back bent again, projecting her scapula. Blaze couldn't get enough of it.

"Wait!" Blaze exclaimed before she could undo her bra.

"Yes?"

Blaze walked up to the pool and turned a knob near head of the pool to start heating the water. Elyssa had explained its function, earlier that morning. He turned around and gazed at her tempting figure.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Brija asked him. The hunger in his eyes was quite evident.

"I want to help you remove your clothes"

"Haha. I don't need any help. I am no nobility"

"I want to" Blaze said passionately.

"Uh... sure" Brija replied, a little confused by Blaze's seriousness.

"Please stay still. I want to look at you. The water's gonna take some to heat up anyway" Blaze said walking up to her.

She looked at him befuddled but she complied. He piqued her curiosity and she wanted to see what he would do next.

Blaze looked at her narrow boyshorts. They were pulled up high on her long &amp; toned thighs. The two buttons, which she had buttoned up during their duel, were once again open, revealing so deep down into her smooth groin that he could see her two little mounds beginning to take shape. He was sure that if he leaned in and peeked, he might see a little nub.

He slowly walked around her, brushing his hand against her hips. The boyshorts were pulled up over her butt crease and they clung on tightly to her well rounded pear shaped but. He gently caressed her along the butt crease. She was firm but bouncy.

Seeing that Brija did not react negatively to his touch, he moved his greedy hands along her body gently yet steadily, feeling her toned back under his fingers. He slowly reached for her clasp, undid it and pulled it off from under her arms.

He chucked the bra onto the bed and moved back to her front to look at her naked breasts. They weren't big but seemed perfect for her body. But unlike her butt, they seemed quite soft and squishy. Her honey colored areolae were large, and her pink nipples were stiff due to the wind. Blaze resisted the urge to pinch them.

Instead, he reached into her boyshorts. He had wanted to do something ever since he had seen those two unbuttoned buttons. He placed a palm against her firm lower stomach and reached his fingers into her shorts.

Brija suddenly felt a tingle down her spine. She took in a sharp breath when she felt Blaze's leading finger reach her clit. He quickly pushed his hand down and cupped her pussy with his fingers. He felt her slit under his middle finger and her puffy lips against the others.

"What was that?" Brija asked him, as he continued caressing her. She had felt a current travel up her spine and into her head. It made her feel wide awake.

"You will know soon enough. But only if you want to" Blaze replied mysteriously.

Brija looked at him questioningly, but he just replied with a cheeky smile. He reached for her shorts and pulled them down. He didn't feel right about doing more without explaining himself. Her lower lips were light brown and beautiful.

Brija stepped out of her boyshorts and Blaze took a step back to take in the view. Her naked form underneath her leather harness stirred in him an intense desire. He just wanted to push her down and fuck her in her harness.

Brija suddenly felt blood rise in her cheeks. For some inexplicable reason, his stare made her blush. Even her caramel skin turned red.

"The water seems ready" she muttered bashfully. <em>Why was she feeling shy?</em>

Blaze quickly averted his gaze and turned around. Steam was rising up from the surface of the water, fogging up the room a little. He walked up to the pool and tested the water with his foot.

"That seems perfect" he said, turning the knob off.

"Aren't you going to join me?" Brija asked him, unbuckling the straps of her harness.

"Obviously"

"Better get naked then" she said, placing the harness on the chair and walking up to him.

Blaze nodded and began to pull of his tank top. Without warning, Brija knelt and pulled down his boyshorts. His erect penis sprung up and hit her chin.

Blaze looked at her dumbfounded as she looked at his appendage with bewilderment.

"You're an unnatural?" she asked him as realization dawned on her.

"yeah..."

"I've never seen anything like it. What does it do?" she asked, seemingly fascinated by it.

"Why don't we get in the bath? I will explain"

The two of them stepped in to the pool and immersed themselves. Leaning against the wall of the pool, they looked at the city lights under the starry sky. They enjoyed the view silently for a few moments before Blaze started telling Brija about what he wanted to do with her.

"You're telling me that thing will go into my vagina? Are you sure it will fit?" she asked him after he finished explaining.

"I am sure" Blaze replied confidently.

"And you're sure I will feel good?"

"Yes. It may hurt at first, but even if it does, the pain will quickly fade"

"Ok!"

"Ok what?"

"Let's do it" Brija said without hesitation.

"Awesome. Now just relax and let me get your body into the right state. Tell me if something doesn't feel good or if you want to stop. If you feel any benign urges, feel free to act on them"

Brija nodded.

Blaze slowly waded up to her and climbed on top of springy thighs. <em>I need to grow taller soon, </em>he thought to himself. He was beginning to feel awkward about always climbing on to women. It was refreshing at first, but now it just made him feel like a child.

He reached up to her face and pushed back her short, wet hair. He held her face between his hands and caressed her cheeks with his thumbs as he felt the tip of his penis resting against the hole of her belly button. He looked in to her deep green eyes for a moment before leaning in for a kiss.

Unsure of what to do, Brija initially had her lips closed. But, as Blaze sucked on her lips and licked them with his tongue, she slowly opened her mouth and let him in. Blaze gently pushed his tongue into her mouth and let her taste him. Soon, she reciprocated by shoving her tongue into his mouth. He grasped it with his lips and sucked on it, entangling his own tongue with hers.

They kissed for a couple of minutes before Blaze pulled back. Brija held on to his neck and tried to pull him back. Blaze smiled at her reassuringly and pushed her hand aside.

He moved back in to the water to grasp her under her thighs. He lifted her with a heave and placed her on the bank of the pool. Brija spread her legs intuitively, inviting him in. Blaze crawled his way in to her arms and kissed her neck, before slowly moving along her chest to her breasts. He grasped her left breast in his hand and engulfed her right areola in his mouth. He swirled his tongue over her areola before giving her stiff nipple a lick.

"Aaagh" Brija shrieked when he gently bit her nipple.

He nibbled on it for a moment before beginning to voraciously suck on it.

After repeating the process with her other breast, he moved down to her stomach. He caressed and felt her springy skin with her fingers. Her stomach was long, narrow and hot. He bent down and gave a lick her along her cleavage as he moved his way down slowly to her belly button and finally to her groin.

When his tongue reached her nub, Blaze pulled back to look at her. Her pink slit, and pale brown lips were glistening with her fluids. A sweet smell wafted into his nostrils and unable to resist he plunged his mouth on to her. He tasted mangos. The extremely sweet and juicy kind.

Intoxicated, he gorged on her as she held his face down and grinded against him. Finally, she shivered and came with his tongue lodged tightly between her lower lips. He drank as much of her sweet nectar as she provided him.

"I want it!" Brija exclaimed with a raspy voice, after taking a moment to recover.

Blaze did not need any more coercion. He gently pushed her down on to her back and moved in between her long legs. He placed the length of his penis against her slit and rubbed himself against her. He moved the tip of his penis to her hole and brushed it up and down, spreading her lips apart.

He looked up to her face and saw her desire. Not wanting to make her wait any longer, he gently pushed himself into her hole. Despite her yearning, her hole resisted his insertion. He felt the tightness of her walls even as his tip barely entered her. But relentless in spearing his way into her depths.

"mmmph" Blaze heard a muffled cry of pain, as he felt himself tear through her barrier.

He paused to let the pain abate.

"Just get in!" Brija exclaimed impatiently.

Blaze sniggered, but complied by continuing to slowly make his way in. Soon, his entire length was buried inside of her with his thighs pressed against hers. He wrapped his hands under her waist and leaned into her breast as he began grinding his groin against hers.

Brija suddenly wrapped her arms and legs around him and pulled him tight, gyrating her hips against him. They mashed themselves into each other for while before Blaze moved his arm under her shoulders. He grasped her tightly and slowly lifted his hips. Her walls clenched after his retreating penis, unwilling to let go. He pulled out up to his head before he shoved in forcefully.

"Ahhhhhhh!" Brija screamed, arching her back and flooding his penis.

Blaze gave her a couple of moments before he started humping her again. He slowly built up the speed and was soon slamming in to her with vigor. Brija held on to him tightly and even used her legs to boost his speed. Finally, Blaze couldn't resist and when her vagina suddenly clenched a little tighter, he lost his control and released himself into her.

"Is it over?" Brija asked him tenderly, when she didn't feel another stream of cum hitting her cervix.

"You want more?" Blaze asked her, lifting his face off her breast.

She nodded coyly.

"I need a few minutes. Why don't we dry ourselves and move on to the bed?" Blaze asked her.

"Alright"

Blaze pulled himself up and slowly got out of her. He noticed a trace of red on his penis. He sighed and cleaned his member in the water, as Brija sat up on her butt and looked at her vagina. A mixture of semen and her fluids slowly trickled out of her hole and onto her anus. Brija did not immediately clean herself, but let the fluids slowly dribble out of her as she watched in fascination. She loved the way the viscous liquid felt when it moved out of her. Blaze joined her in watching.

They dried themselves after a few minutes and moved on to the bed. Brija eagerly got on the bed, leaned back and pulled Blaze onto herself.

Blaze laughed and kissed her full lips before getting off the bed. A tinge of disappointment flashed in her eyes, but Blaze grabbed her hand and pulled her towards him as he stood at the edge.

Faced with his partially engorged member near her face, she looked at him in confusion. <em>What was she supposed to do?</em> She had seen it larger before and she thought it had been larger inside of her. Blaze did not say anything and just looked at her with anticipation.

Brija gingerly moved her hand towards him and gently caressed his member with her fingers. He did not respond much. Frustrated she leaned in closer to look at it and Blaze slightly jutted his penis towards her mouth. She intuitively opened her lips, but Blaze did not move further. She looked up in to his eyes for confirmation, and she saw him smiling.

She opened wide and enclosed her lips over his tip. She swirled her hot tongue over his head once, before licking his tiny hole. Blaze hissed, and she instantly felt him elongate inside her mouth. Encouraged by his response, she continued her efforts by slowly taking more and more of his length in to her mouth. Blaze moved his hips indicating what she needed to do.

After she got the hang of it, Brija got into a more comfortable position. She got on her knees and a hand and arched her back like a cat to bring her mouth to his penis. She held his member with a hand and engulfed him with her mouth. Her pear-shaped butt hung high in the air as her head bobbed up and down his length.

Sucking him did not feel as good as when he was inside her, but it still brought waves of pleasure in the pit of her stomach. Blaze made her suck him for a couple of minutes before he pulled out.

"Don't move" he told her as he got on to the bed and placed himself behind her. He loved the position she was in.

He grabbed her wide hips and pasted himself against her. He rubbed himself against her slit as he looked at her puckered hole. He placed his index finger on it and fiddled around. It was too tight. He considered it for a moment but decided that both were too excited for anymore gradual build up. So, he just pierced her vagina.

Brija moaned as she once more felt the fullness within her. He placed a thigh over her hip and leaned into her as she supported his weight on her knees and hands. He grasped her breasts and started pumping into her. Soon, the two of them were moaning and grunting in sync.

Brija's moans kept getting louder and louder, until she finally shuddered and came. She shrieked like a banshee and collapsed face first on to the bed as she flooded Blaze and the sheets with her nectar. Blaze fell on top of her as he released his own essence into her greedy lower mouth.

The bursts of pleasure slowly subsided and the two of them curled into each other's arms and fell asleep under the soft glow of the starlight streaming into the balcony.

Unbeknownst to the two fornicating angels, a pair naughty hazel eyes had been watching them.

***

"What do you think Blaze wants with her?" Astrid had asked Elyssa after the other two had headed into their room.

"I don't know. You better mind your own business, Astrid" Elyssa had warned her before heading in for the night.

Astrid had grumbled at her cousin before going in to her own room, but she had always been the curious sort and she couldn't fall asleep. Blaze had acted too mysterious for his own good. She considered going and spying on them but thought that the two would've probably fallen asleep. So, she went out to her balcony to gaze at the city lights.

She was suddenly startled by a shriek. She had half a mind to wake up the household when she realized that it had come from Blaze and Brija's room. Was one of them attacking the other? She decided to investigate before making a big deal out of it. Maybe they were sparring.

She slowly crept out of her room and tiptoed her way to their door. She placed an ear against the wood and listened intently. She could hear muffled moans and she was pretty sure that they belonged to Brija. However, they didn't seem to be caused by pain.

She looked in through the keyhole. She didn't have a clear view, but it seemed like they were strangely connected at their hips. Blaze's face seemed to be filled with blissful passion.

Astrid suddenly remembered the periscope she had bought a couple of years back. She rummaged through her space ring and found the doodad. She gently pushed open the door and pushed the top of the device through the space.

With a better view she saw that the thing connecting the angels was a cylindrical appendage attached of the younger angel. He seemed to be piercing Brija with it and was not drawing blood. <em>Was it going into her vagina?</em> Astrid thought, feeling a tingle in her nether regions.

Deciding that neither of them was harming the other, Astrid watched them through the night. She heard Brija's screams of pleasure when she came. She saw her eagerness to have Blaze again. She saw him suck him off, and finally she saw Blaze spear her from behind.

Unconsciously she had let out a gasp when she saw it happen. Thankfully, neither of them was aware of anything besides themselves. Astrid felt her own lower lips twitch and she felt a growing hunger in the pit of her stomach. <em>She needed to try this before Blaze went back to Varan. </em>

She quietly closed the door and headed back to her room. She needed to wake up early.

***

Blaze and Brija were the late to breakfast the next morning. They had another bout that morning.

Astrid was absent when they reached the dining table. Apparently, she had gone back to her home to pick up something.

"Do you mind if Astrid goes with you to the game instead of me?" Elyssa asked him as they sat down beside her.

"Why? Do you have something to do?"

"No. She says she is a big fan of our third batter. Specifically, she is a fan of her wardrobe. She was hysterical about wanting to go, so I gave her my ticket. I will just watch the game on the CP. I am not sure why she didn't get her own ticket if she wanted to see the game..." Elyssa explained.

CP was short for crystal projector. It was Azra El's version of television. CP's projected a 3D image of an event. However, the device was expensive and not many people owned them.

"uh. Ok" Blaze nodded. He'd have offered to stay back with Elyssa, but he really wanted to see what Flyball was about. Moreover, the duchess had specifically procured the tickets for their sake and he did not want to disappoint her.

"What are you plans for today, Auntie?" Blaze asked Jie Er.

"We may just stay back and enjoy a relaxing day at the manor. I am not sure when I will get to stay at a duchess' mansion again" Rebecca replied in Jie Er's stead.

"You're welcome to visit whenever you want" the duchess added.

Brija headed out after breakfast.

"Visit me when you are in town again" she whispered in Blaze's ear, giving him a warm hug before leaving.

"She seems to have grown fond of you" Elyssa said, looking at Brija's diminishing form.

"What can I say? Angels can't seem to get enough of me. You should try to be more like me, little Ely" Blaze replied, earning him a pinch on the stomach.

"You are coming back with us right, Ely?" Blaze asked her as they took a walk in the gardens.

"Yeah. But, I will be there only for a week. Mom wants me to visit her, especially since I am going to be attending school in a few months"

"You mean general Sturm?"

Ely nodded. "She says that she wants to train me before the up coming tournament, but it's most likely a pretext to have me around"

They walked around until it was time for the game. Astrid was supposed to meet him at the stadium, so Blaze took the tickets from Elyssa and got onto the carriage.

The flyball stadium appeared massive even from the sky. The field itself was more than a thousand feet in diameter. However, the stands were not as grand as the ones on Earth, and there were only two of them; one on either side.

"Blaze!" Astrid shouted and walked up to him, as he got out of the carriage in front of the entrance.

"You've got the tickets?"

Blaze flashed them, and Astrid took his other hand. She was wearing a white silken backless drape dress. The dress hung from her neck with a thin string from which a drape of narrow cloth hung in a U-shape, covering her fulsome breasts. The cloth was thin and revealed sides of her breasts, which were pale white in contrast to the rest of her lightly tanned skin. The silken skirt clung to her body and reached up to her mid thighs.

Comparatively, she seemed to be dressed more practically if not more conservatively than the other day. Or that's what Blaze thought until she turned around.

The dress was truly backless. Two strips of cloth, one around her narrow waist and one below the butt crease, helped the dress cling to her skin on the front; like an apron but with more elegance. However, there was nothing else covering her back side. Her behind was essentially naked. She wasn't even wearing a thong.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze could, however, appreciate the view. The two layers of cloth helped enshrine her perky and curvy butt cheeks, accentuating their enticing shape.

Blaze followed behind her absent mindedly as he gazed at her figure. He had a strict 'Bro Code' when it concerned immediate family of a friend, but Elyssa herself had referred to her as a distant cousin. Besides, he didn't believe he could resist her for too long. So, he started planning out a method of approach.

Astrid had no idea that her 'nakedness' was having such an effect on Blaze. Her intentions for wearing the dress, though were for the same ultimate cause, were entirely different. She led them to a posh looking beverage stand. It was quite empty as the 'common' angels seemed to have no interest in it.

"Can I get an Otine juice and a bag of Raka chips? What do you want, Blaze?" Astrid asked the vendor, leaning on the counter.

Her butt perked up, but her thighs were close enough to keep everything that was important hidden.

"Blaze?"

"Oh, umm... sorry. Let's see..." Blaze pretended to consider, as he stepped in beside her, placing a hand on the small of her back.

Seeing that Astrid did not mind his touch, he slowly moved his palm down and over her butt; relishing its texture. Her butt cheeks were cool and smooth, and he could feel their springiness even without pressing into them.

Astrid arched her back a little, pushing herself into his hand. Blaze had half a mind to push a finger in to her butt crack, but he resisted.

"umm. I guess I will get the Tava juice. I will share your chips" Blaze replied.

Otine was an orange like fruit, a little sweeter and less tangier. Tava was fleshy like an avocado but sweeter.

They waited a couple of minutes as the vendor prepared their juices. Astrid leaned into him, as Blaze had his hand gently cupping and caressing her left butt cheek. She was excited. Blaze did not seem averse to being intimate with her.

***

"ANGELS! Welcome to the third game of the five-match series between Aranya and Thule. At 1-1, the series is at an exciting position. Whoever wins this match will have an edge in ..." the match announcer began, just as they stepped in to the small private balcony with two grandiose armchairs.

At height of more than a hundred feet, their balcony was at the highest level of the stands and had an excellent view of the entire field. They sat down as the visiting players flew in to the field from the opposite stands. A loud cheer went through the stadium as two of the home team angels flew in with large clubs in their hands. Soon, the game was in full flow and Blaze got immersed into the excitement of it.

Flyball seemed to be a mixture of Baseball and Cricket. There were two poles at the center of the field. The batter hovered at one pole while the thrower pitched from the other. Like baseball, the bat was shaped like a club, but there were only two bases like in Cricket. The batting and throwing took place at a height of fifty feet. Scoring took place by flying between the poles or sending the ball over the boundary of the field. There were ten players on each team and the game was supposed to last around four hours.

Aranya lost their first batter around twenty minutes in to the game. Astrid let out a loud cheer as a new batter flew in. She got up from her seat and went to the railing in excitement. The game did not have a uniform or a dress code, so the batter was wearing a risque netted leotard.

Blaze's attention was more on Astrid's butt rather the new batter, as she hopped against the railing. She calmed down when the batter took her position at the pole and returned to her seat. But before she could sit down she tripped against the platform of the chairs and knocked over her juice jug.

She had finished the juice, but the ice cubes had melted. The water splashed over the seat cushion.

"Oh no, my seat's wet" Astrid said with a hand over her mouth.

Blaze looked at her curiously. Her words seemed a bit practiced.

"Can I sit with you until it dries?" she asked him.

"Yeah..." Blaze replied scooting over to one edge of his seat. The seats were large enough for the two off them to easily squeeze in beside one another.

"That seems a bit tight. Let me sit between your legs. We will have more room that way" Astrid said, trying to sound casual.

Blaze looked at her with a raised brow, but immediately complied. There was no world in which he was going to say no to a beautiful woman who wanted to sit between his legs.

Astrid quickly sat down between his thighs, scooted close to his groin and leaned forward on her knee, pretending to be interested in the game.

Blaze took in the closeup view of her beautiful back and her narrow waist. The top of her butt crack was visible over his groin.

Blaze stopped paying attention to the game. <em>What's going going on? Is she doing it intentionally?</em> He considered it for a moment before he reached up and swept her hair over her shoulder. He placed his hands on her shoulders and gently brought them down feeling her smooth skin.

He paused for a moment, but Astrid seemed to pay no mind to his touch.

He held her at the waist and caressed her back with his thumbs before moving his palms under her dress and over her springy stomach. Feeling the warmth of her skin, he sat upright and pulled her close to his chest.

He placed his head on her left shoulder and took in the lavender smell of her hair. He was about to move his hands to her breasts when Astrid wiggled her butt over his crotch.

"What is that hard thing in your panties?"

That sentence was the last thing he would've wanted to hear on Earth, but now Blaze just laughed.

Astrid turned around and amazed him once more. She reached for his boyshorts and pulled them down, popping his engorged member out.

"What is this thing? Are you an unnatural?" she said acting surprised.

Blaze just looked at her with his mouth open. This was not how he had planned the situation to proceed.

"Oh dear. I am so sorry. You must've been awfully uncomfortable with me sitting on it. Oh, I know! Let me try this" Astrid babbled, grabbing his boyshorts and pulling them down his legs.

She made Blaze lift his feet and took the boyshorts off him, before hiding them in her space ring. She then sat down on the seat and spread her butt cheeks with her hands. She slowly pressed herself against his erect dick and let go of her cheeks, firmly lodging his penis within her butt-crack.

"Is that more comfortable?" she asked, lightly grinding against his crotch.

"Very!" Blaze exclaimed. He was now quite sure that Astrid knew what she was doing. But how was that possible? In any case, he didn't care enough to ask about it immediately. He wanted to play along with her and see where it goes.

"You should make yourself comfortable too. Come, lean on me" Blaze said, pulling her over his chest.

He placed his head on her shoulder and without hesitation sneaked his hand under her dress. He cupped her buxom breasts in his palms and squeezed them, eliciting a startled cry from her.

He slowly massaged her breasts, taking in her flowery smell. He brushed his rough thumbs over her erect nipples and lightly pinched them. Astrid continued grinding her butt against him.

Gradually, he crept on hand down her stomach. He paused at her belly button for a moment, lightly teasing it, before moving down to her groin. Her lips were flat and smooth, and her slit was already damp. He cupped her with his fingers and started gently rubbing her. Astrid started moaning.

After a few moments, Blaze grabbed her butt cheeks, lifted her up a little and moved his penis to the front. He placed her back down and felt her wetness along his length.

"This is more comfortable" he said, and Astrid simply nodded.

Blaze took his penis in his hand and started rubbing it against her pussy. Suddenly, Astrid pushed his hand aside, grabbed it with her own hand and started grinding vigorously, pressing his penis hard against her vagina.

Soon, she got up on her knees, placed his head against her hole and started rubbing it, spreading her lips apart. Lost in the heat of the moment, Blaze let her proceed without intervening. Abruptly, Astrid sat down on him.

"Oww!" she cried out loud as Blaze felt himself forcefully tear through her barrier.

"Why does it hurt?" Astrid asked miserably. Blaze felt a trickle flow down his balls.

"You shouldn't have rushed it, silly girl" he said, brushing her hair gently. He could feel her walls constricting over his member.

Astrid tried getting back up, but Blaze held her in place.

"Wait. Let the pain subside" he said, softly kissing her shoulder.

"It didn't seem like it hurt Brija..." Astrid complained, squirming over his dick.

"You <em>were</em> spying on us! It doesn't hurt as much if you do it right. Stay still for a moment. It will feel good after the pain fades" Blaze comforted her.

"AND THAT'S A MASSIVE STRIKE. Folks, it looks like Raziel is in good form tonight. We might be in for a treat" the announcer commentated over the loud cheers, as the ball soared over the left field's boundary.

Astrid turned her attention to the game to take her mind of the pain. The pain slowly numbed as Blaze hugged her and gently massaged her breasts.

"I think I'm alright now. What next?" Astrid asked him, as the pain faded into a gentle itch. She would've hesitated to proceed further if the look of ecstasy on Brija's face had not been etched in her mind. She wanted to feel the same.

Blaze gently lifted her off from his penis and told her to lean on the wooden railing. At a little over three feet, the railing was short, and Astrid had to bend low to lean on it. She spread her legs apart and jut her butt invitingly towards Blaze.

Blaze walked up and caressed her butt before reaching for her clitoris. He cupped her groin and started lightly stimulating it. When he felt her grow damp again, he gently pushed his finger in.

"Tell me if you feel pain again. We can stop" he told, caressing her inner walls.

"Mmmmmmh" Astrid suddenly shivered and moaned loudly when Blaze scratched a certain spot, an inch inside her vagina. Blaze immediately attacked the spot with vigor.

Soon, Blaze's fingers were drenched. Feeling that she was ready for more, he moved his tip to her slit. He wiggled it around for a moment and then pierced her with one fluid motion.

Astrid screamed, convulsed and flooded his member. Blaze did not give her a moment to rest. The pink inner walls of her vagina clung to his penis and stretched out as he slowly pulled his dick out. He squeezed her butt cheeks and plunged right back in.

Astrid was quite vociferous, and her moans reached a fever pitch as Blaze pumped in and out of her. Thankfully, Raziel was batting well, and Astrid's screams were drowned out by the cheers.

After a while, Blaze lift his right leg and straddled Astrid's hip. Placing his foot on the railing, he used the leverage to increase the speed of his thrusts.

"Thump Thump Thump" Blaze's member struck against Astrid's thighs as she moaned in sync.

Finally, her walls constricted tightly over his member and she came again. Blaze let go and released himself, painting her insides white.

Astrid collapsed against the railing after the bursts of pleasure subsided. Blaze picked her up in his arms and returned to the chair. She wrapped her arms around his neck, curled up on his lap. She rested her head on his chest as they turned their attention back to the game.

The score was 90 Flys and two outs. Blaze did not know whether that was a good score or not but judging by the crowd's reaction it seemed to be in the home team's favor. Raziel was still batting.

Astrid was quiet for about fifteen minutes before she got up and straddled Blaze's thighs. She held his face between her soft hands and surprised him by planting a kiss on his lips. She was awkward at first, but slowly learnt by reciprocating to Blaze's moves.

Soon they were snogging on each other's mouths with abandon. Astrid's hunger was insatiable. She sucked on greedily on his tongue and shoved her tongue into his mouth whenever she could. Blaze loved the aggression for a change. They gorged on each other until they finally had to break apart to catch some breath.

Blaze reached behind her neck and untied her dress, as Astrid looked into his eyes with passion. He let her dress slide down to her hips, revealing her beautiful lumps of fat. He took the squishy mounds into his hands, squeezed them and took her nipple into his mouth. Astrid rushed her fingers through his hair, pushing his face into her breasts.

After sucking on both her tits, Blaze leaned back and pulled of his tank top off. He hugged her tight and started kissing her again; his naked chest against her soft breasts and his stomach against her smooth stomach.

Slowly he reached for his dick behind her. Feeling his hand, Astrid lifted her butt to give him access. Blaze brushed his member against her a couple of times before inserting himself into her. Astrid moaned into Blaze's lips as she felt the hot rod spread her apart.

Blaze suddenly realized how much he had missed being inside a woman while kissing her. The difference in height hadn't allowed him to do it with any of the other angels. With her arms around his neck and his hands roaming around her back, they pasted their bodies into each other as they kissed and grinded.

After a little while, Astrid started bouncing over his dick. Blaze grabbed her butt cheeks tightly and helped her with it.

"Thwack Thwack Thwack" their bodies smacked wetly, as Astrid arched her head back in pleasure as his member repeatedly pierced her.

"And that's a huge Eight! The ball's sailed way past the long boundary. That mighty blow brings up Raziel's hundred" the announcer screamed in excitement. A batter scored an eight when the ball sailed over the long front boundary without touching the ground.

Astrid fell against his shoulder and came, spasming uncontrollably. Feeling her warmth splash over him, Blaze let go, shooting forceful jets of semen into her cervix.

After the bouts of pleasure abated, Astrid wrapped her arms around his neck and absentmindedly started licking his cheek like a puppy. Blaze caressed her back, casually looking at the game. The score was 183 and five outs. It seemed like the first innings was about to end.

"Can I come with you to Varan and stay with you forever?" Astrid suddenly asked him.

"umm..." Blaze replied, looking disturbed.

"I am joking. You don't have to look so horrified" Astrid laughed, getting off him. She pulled her dress over her breasts and tied the knot around her neck, as a trickle of white fluid flowed down her thigh.

"haha. I am sorry. Can I have my shorts back?" Blaze replied nervously. Astrid was very hard to figure out. The personality she portrayed, and her thoughts seemed to be quite contrasting at times. Astrid sat down on her now dry chair to clean herself, while Blaze got into his clothes.

The first innings ended with the home team scoring 211 Flys. Blaze and Astrid had lunch delivered to their balcony. It was a simple but expensive meal. The match started after a half hour break and they simply watched the rest of the game in each other's company. Blaze had been going at it since the previous night and even he needed some rest.

***

Although the game ended with Aranya winning, it was a close finish. Thule were all out for 207 Flys. Blaze and Astrid left the balcony happy and satisfied.

The hallways of the stands were filled with vendors selling various sports paraphernalia to the jubilant &amp; carousing home crowd. Blaze attention was drawn by a matte green Flyball club, displayed in a glass casing outside a sports shop. The bat was about three feet long and a red dragon was painted around its surface. The handle was wrapped in black leather.

"Viridian Steel. It's a little expensive but it's the best out there for an aspiring flyball batter" said the brunette angel, tending the shop.

"Can I hold it?" Blaze asked her.

The angel gave Blaze a judging look before walking up to the case. She brought the bat out and handed it to him.

It was heavy, but the weight didn't bother him. He held the leather handle in one hand and swung it around. He liked the way it felt.

"You hold it with both hands" Astrid told him, performing a mock swing.

"I know"

His intentions for buying the bat were entirely different. He needed a temporary weapon. He had been thinking of learning how to wield a sword, but Jie Er had told him to wait until he further improved his energy manipulation.

"How much is it?" Blaze asked the shop-keep.

"200 Aur, but since you're such a pretty little angel, I will give you a discount and make it 150" she replied with a smile.

"125 or I will take her elsewhere" Astrid said before Blaze could reply.

The brunette looked at Astrid with an appraising look before she nodded. Blaze was once again surprised. He didn't think Astrid would even bargain, let alone be good at it.

Blaze paid the money and happily put the bat in his spatial ring. He couldn't wait to see the look on Ely's face.

<strong>Author's Thoughts</strong>: As you may have noticed, my taste in women is quite international. Although the angels in my story don't really have the same genetics as Earthlings, they do have certain features comparable to their Earthly counterparts. Jie Er is obviously an Asian beaut (more of a classical beauty than those made up Asian dolls). Rebecca with her red hair is Irish. Anastasia Marigold and her entourage is Scandinavian. Brija is Indian. I've already thought of an Egyptian and a Japanese character.

What about Blaze, you ask? His mom's side grandparents are British and Indian, while his dad's side grandparents are Japanese and African. And no, I don't have such a cool heritage.

I may have to make some of the demon characters middle eastern and South-American, if I want to be inclusive. But, I am not sure since it may come off as racist. Will it even out if one of the demon characters seems American? Either way, I don't intend to make the demons truly evil so maybe its fine.

<strong>Disclaimer</strong>: The sexual disposition of the characters has nothing to do with their race. It's just how the story proceeded in my head. If anyone is offended, I can only advise you to not be a prude and to go and do something more constructive than complaining at my inane fantasy.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 06|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Notes &amp; a warning</strong>: I mistakenly published my first version of chapter 5. The edited one is much better. I already published it. You can go back and read it if you want. There aren't significant changes to the plot, but it's a better read. 

The first part of this chapter goes off in a weird tangent. I apologize to anyone who is a bit repelled by the concept. I don't think it's too weird though. My only defense for writing it is that I wanted to explore an idea, and this is where it led. Don't worry, it shall not be the central focus in the story. 

The chapter is also a bit emotional. I apologize for it, but I think it's needed for the story to proceed properly. 

I posted a poll in the comments section of the last chapter, but I did not get too many votes. Not sure if people missed it or just didn't care enough. Please check em' out. 

*** 

"You can't be serious!" Elyssa shrieked when Blaze told her his plans about the Viridian bat, that afternoon. She had initially thought that he was going to take up Fly ball. 

The three of them were gathered around the duchess in her receiving chamber 

"You were the one who suggested it" 

"I was joking!" 

"I wasn't when I said I like whacking things" Blaze replied with a grin. 

"Sigh, you're incorrigible. You better not be doing this because it's funny... And what the freak are you wearing Astrid? Don't say it's the latest fashion. You might as well prance around naked" Elyssa complained. 

"Don't be such a prude 'Lyssa. It just shows a little extra skin. Blaze appreciated it" Astrid replied nonchalantly. 

"You did?" 

"umm... It is unique?" Blaze said hesitantly. 

"You two are just supporting each other. Mum tell them how ridiculous they are" 

"I think Astrid's dress is quite refreshing. It's quite airy isn't it? And, Blaze's idea isn't bad either. Swinging that thing will build up her arm muscles. It will be useful when she picks up a real weapon" the duchess replied, peering from the report she was reading. 

"Pegasi whiskers! I dare you to wear that thing when you go out, mother" 

"I am too old for such things, daughter. You kids are young. You should explore and challenge the norms" Anastasia replied sagely. 

"So says the angel who was a Seraphim for more than fifty year! Yeah, Aunt Lynn told me how much of a prude you were" Elyssa retorted back. She was referring to her other mother General Lynn Sturm. Even Astrid wasn't aware of her dual parentage. 

"That little coot. She acts mighty and poised these days. Did you know how wild she was back then?" Anastasia fumed. 

"I know, mum. You've told me as much about her as she did about you" 

"What's a Seraphim?" Blaze interjected. He recognized that word from earth. 

"They are a powerful faction. The Heavenly Union isn't just ruled by the queens of each country. The various factions also play a major role in the decision and policy making. The Seraphim are one of the more vocal ones. Their motto is Justice, but they are just a bunch of nosy prudes" Elyssa answered. 

"Oh. Which faction does Aunt Annie belong to?" Blaze asked. 

Anastasia raised a brow in surprise, but quickly gave him an approving smile. Astrid looked at Blaze disbelievingly. 

"She is an Ophanim now. They strive towards gaining wisdom. However, no one under the age of two hundred can become an official member. Something about wisdom coming with age. I think it's stupid" Elyssa explained. 

"It's an old-fashioned rule, but there are quite a few of us who are trying to change it" 

Jie Er and Rebecca entered from the doorway, just as Anastasia finished speaking. 

"I thought you two wanted to stay in for the day" Blaze asked as they joined the group. 

"I had to fill up some forms for umm..." Jie Er started but then glanced towards Astrid. 

"Astrid. Blaze and his mother are here for a personal matter. Can you give us some privacy?" the duchess asked. 

Astrid quickly left the room. She knew the duchess well enough to know when to mind her own business. 

"Blaze, I thought about your situation and decided that the simplest disguise is probably the best one. Jie Er agrees with me. We've decided to portray her as your official mother" Anastasia began as Blaze's face filled with dismay. 

"I used my influence to procure some predated forms. Jie Er and Rebecca went to the Registrar's to submit them. We now have official certificates indicating that you were born to Jie Er twenty years back" Anastasia told Blaze. "I hope you've obtained the forms without an issue?" she asked, turning to Jie Er. 

"Yes! We did. Thank you!" Jie Er replied happily. 

"But she is not my mother!" Blaze finally blurted out fervently. 

The happiness in Jie Er's face quickly faded. Blaze noticed it, but he couldn't even stand the idea of her taking up the role of his mother. 

"She is not my mother. Why can't we just say that she took me in when she found me abandoned near my egg? Isn't that simpler?" Blaze protested, although he realized that it might already be too late to change things. 

Everyone looked at him surprised. No one thought that Blaze would react so vehemently towards the idea of Jie Er being his mother. 

"Blaze Er..." Jie Er started meekly. 

"That will just raise more questions, little Blaze. We don't want people looking into you too deeply. If we maintain that Jie Er is your mother, no one will be curious about where you came from. They will be interested in your strength and your heritage, but no one will question whether you really hatched for her or not" Anastasia tried to convince him. 

"I can't accept it" Blaze replied looking down. He couldn't look Jie Er in the eye. 

"You don't have to Blaze Er. You just have to pretend in public. I know I can't replace your real mother, but I had hoped you'd accept me as an adoptive one" Jie Er said regretfully. The disappointment in her voice was obvious. 

Blaze felt an intense wave of guilt wash over him. He felt disgusted with himself. What had he been doing to a woman who had essentially treated him as her child from the get go! He visibly shivered and Jie Er felt even more remorseful. 

"I am sorry, auntie. I love you very much. But, I just can't call you that" Blaze replied without looking at her. 

Silence prevailed for a few moments. 

"Well, for your own sake, I hope you put up with it until you are strong enough. I've contacted the headmistress of Elyssa's school. You can attend there from the next school year. However, you will have to take an exam to be placed in a higher grade" Anastasia said, to break the somberness. 

Blaze could only nod. 

Anastasia discussed a few more details about the official story they were going to go with, before they allowed Astrid to return. 

The group had high tea and spent time together before it was time for Blaze's group to return home. 

Res Kal, Elyssa's guardian, was waiting for them with a carriage, outside the chateaux. 

"Thank you for everything, Min Marigold. I had a really good time at Cali" Blaze thanked Anastasia as they stepped out. He couldn't even bring himself to call her Aunt Annie in front of Jie Er. 

"It's been my pleasure, little one. Please continue being a good friend to Elyssa. You can visit Cali anytime you want" Anastasia replied, giving him a quick hug before turning to speak with Elyssa. Astrid stepped up to Blaze. 

"I can't attend school with you because I just finished my 3<sup>rd</sup> school year. But can I visit you at Varan or at your school?" she whispered in his ear, while giving him a hug. 

"Of course, Astrid" Blaze replied, returning her hug warmly. 

The others quickly said their farewells and the four off them got onto the carriage. 

"Be safe Elyssa. I will see you next week" Anastasia waved as the carriage launched into the air. Soon, the four of them were on their way back to Varan. 

*** 

The trip back to Varan was uncomfortable despite Rebecca's attempts to lighten the mood. Elyssa dropped them off at their home and the three angels had a silent dinner. 

Blaze pretended to fall asleep on the couch while reading a book. He felt quite puerile, but it was the best method he could think of to avoid talking about his issue with Jie Er. 

"What's bothering you?" Elyssa asked Blaze the next morning, after watching him mope around for a couple of hours. 

"Nothing" 

"Talk to me, Blaze. Am I not your best friend?" Elyssa said, throwing his own words at him. 

"It's hard to explain, Ely..." 

"And?" 

"Sigh. It's because of my memories from my previous life. I am having trouble reconciling them and my relationship with Jie Er. It's difficult to explain as there's no relatable context in this world" Blaze replied. 

"Blaze. I was hesitant to say this, but have you considered the possibility that those memories might just be an artifact of your unnatural hatching? You were born with much more information in your head than any angel I know. Maybe this is your mind's way of making sense of all the information" Elyssa postured. 

Blaze shook his head. He had thought of that possibility. But his memories were too vivid. He couldn't make up an entire life in his head. 

"Well, tell me what specifically is the problem then? Why are you so against Jie Er being your mother? I can see that both of you care about each other, and as far as I can tell, she has done more for you than your real mother" Elyssa prodded him. 

"It's not her, Ely. I've done things to her that will become repugnant to me if I consider her as a mother. Even if it is only an adoptive one. I never saw her as a motherly figure, Ely. But now I see the look in her eyes and it makes me disgusted with myself. You won't understand it. It's like trying to understand how a cat or a fish feels. You won't know until you've lived as one" 

"But..." Elyssa tried to make Blaze talk more, but he just closed himself off. 

*** 

Blaze kept avoiding Jie Er over the course of the week, refusing to even touch her. Despite constantly being wracked by guilt, he slept in Rebecca's room and even re raised the topic of building another room for him. What made it even worse for him was the fact that Jie Er never once got angry or even displayed impatience. She just treated him as a patient mother dealing with her hormonal teenager. 

His relationship with Jie Er and the fact that Elyssa would be gone after the week put Blaze in a cloud of perpetual gloom. The only high point of the week was on Fredas when Blaze spotted a familiar rabbit traipsing the landscape along the edge of the forest. Rebecca and he had started off a bit later than usual that morning. 

"Aunt Becky? What do you think of rabbits?" Blaze asked her as she flew over the river. 

"They are cute..." 

"Even that one?" 

"Oh, that's a carnike. They have horrid looking teeth but are otherwise quite harmless. They are cowards and only attack if they see someone running away. They instantly flee if you turn back at 'em'" Rebecca said, spotting the oversized fur ball who was now looking at them. 

"Would you care if I punted it into the forest?" 

"Haha. No. I doubt even if it would. Its skin is quite tough. Why? Don't tell me it chased you around when you ventured out by yourself" Rebecca asked. 

Blaze remained silent. 

"Hahaha. It did? This will make an amazing tale for the future. The great deva Blaze chased around by a little carnike. Haha" Rebecca guffawed. 

"Very funny. Release me!" Blaze replied tapping Rebecca's arms. 

They were a few hundred feet up in the air, but Rebecca was confident enough in Blaze's flying skills to let him go. 

Blaze straightened his body and dived at the carnike. The creature immediately recognized him and started snarling. But it suddenly realized that there was something different about this time. The little angel seemed to be coming at it with vengeance in his mind. 

The cowardly rabbit immediately turned tail and sprang towards the forest. 

At a height of around a hundred feet, Blaze unfurled his wings and glided towards the creature. The carnike was fast but he had picked up enough momentum to outrun it. He swooped down and swung his leg as hard as he could towards its soft behind. He channeled all his anger and guilt into the kick. 

"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" the carnike cried as it sailed twenty feet and landed in the forest with a heavy thud. Blaze bounced back from the momentum before he landed. 

"That was a solid kick. You may have a future in football" Rebecca joked as she landed beside him. Azra-El also had a form of soccer. 

The carnike screeched at him angrily from the within the safety of the trees before scurrying away. 

Blaze looked at Rebecca with a wry grin. The kick had felt quite good. He glanced at the amused angel and felt the pangs of hunger that had been recently been building up. Rebecca was in civilian clothes and her purple outfit was a racy fusion between a corset and a leotard. 

The front of the outfit was shaped like an inverted spearhead, with each of the three edges covering her important regions. Short rectangular cuts decorated the sides and three strips of cloth circled her upper waist, stomach and hips to help the outfit cling tightly to her skin. She was also wearing thigh high socks and long bell-bottomed sleeves. 

"Are you finally over whatever you've been going through?" Rebecca asked him with a knowing smile. She recognized that look. 

Blaze had been strictly celibate over the week. He had been feeling too guilty to do anything in the house and Agatha reminded him too much of Jie Er. He had been okay the first couple of days, but a strange hunger he had never felt back on earth started building up in the pit of his stomach. 

The uncontrollable libido also brought with it severe headaches and relentless restlessness. It grew worse every day. 

The previous day, he had to fight a strong urge to push down Elyssa at the library and when he returned home he once again felt a desire for Jie Er, even though it had completely vanished since his return from Cali. 

<em>Had he become addicted to sex? That couldn't be. A little more than twice a day wasn't too much was it?</em> 

He wanted to extend his celibacy a little longer to see what would happen, but Rebecca's outfit and her words put him over. 

He stepped up to her, sneaked his arms around her waist and hugged her tight. He wrapped his wings around her and rested his cheeks between her breasts for a few moments as she silently caressed his hair. 

After a short moment of silent intimacy, Blaze sneaked his hands down her spine and spread them across her butt. He relished their texture as he felt Rebecca move her own hands into his boy shorts and cup his butt cheeks. 

Suddenly, Rebecca grabbed his butt and lifted him up for a kiss. He felt uncomfortable for a moment before the rising hunger inside him pushed it down. He wrapped his legs around her hips, held her head in his hands and started devouring her lips. 

They pulled apart after a while and Rebecca set him down. Blaze reached for her breasts, but Rebecca put up a hand and pulled out a table from her space ring. Blaze looked at it curiously as Rebecca climbed on top of it. She leaned back on her hands, set her feet on the edge of the table and spread apart her knees invitingly. 

The table was just the right height. 

"Where did you get it?" Blaze asked with a grin as he stepped in and wrapped his arms around her. 

"Bought it in Cali. Thought you'd appreciate it" 

"I do!" Blaze replied kissing her again and reaching for the knots at the back. He undid them one by one and slowly unwrapped the outfit off her skin. 

He stepped back and feasted his eyes on her erect nipples and pink slit. Rebecca looked at his roving eyes and slightly bit her lower lip. The gesture made his mind go blank. 

He rushed onto to her and immediately penetrated her with one fluid motion. 

"Aaaaghh" Rebecca screamed in both pleasure and surprise, as her walls clenched around his hot member. Thankfully, she was already a little damp with anticipation. 

"What's wit.. hmmph" Rebecca started to say but suddenly found her mouth enveloped by his. She looked into his eyes and found them ablaze with a strange fire. A hungry fire. Almost like a predator looking at its prey. 

Rebecca felt a chill travel up her spine. She felt both intimidated and excited by those eyes. She felt his hips rise and her needy walls clamped after the retreating member. Without warning, Blaze rammed his hips into hers. 

Rebecca moaned into his lips as she felt his tongue and penis enter her at the same time. Her lips wrapped tightly around his tongue as her lower lips made way for his rod. 

Blaze engulfed her mouth with his and let her taste him as he once again raised his hips only to slam back into her. <em>What's going on? He doesn't seem to be himself,</em> Rebecca wondered even as she began to lose herself in the rising pleasure. 

His pace quickly built up as her hips learned to keep up. Once Blaze's hips realized they couldn't move any faster, he pushed her down on the table and climbed up. He grabbed her around the shoulders, pasted himself on her body and straddled her hips with his knees. He took a breast into his mouth and started fucking her vigorously. 

"Blaze..." Rebecca tried to talk to him, but he did not respond. He could not respond. He engulfed her breast in his mouth and sucked on it like it was sponge filled with water and he was parched. 

Rebecca's moans slowly turned into screams of pleasure. She grabbed his head and pushed him into herself as she wrapped her legs around his hips. The two of them completely mashed into each other and soon their pleasure reached a fever high. 

Finally, Blaze's body couldn't hold on and he came. Rebecca felt a fast jet of semen hit her cervix and it brought her over. She shivered and wrapped Blaze in a bear hug as his body spasmed and his hips grinded against her as he released each stream, deep into her vagina. Their bodies seemed to meld into each other. 

Once Rebecca felt the bursts of pleasure cede, she lifted her head to talk to him. But instead, she suddenly found herself being turned over. 

"What the..." she started to protest, but suddenly felt her anus being penetrated by Blaze's tongue. 

"Blaze..." 

Blaze refused to talk to her and continued sucking on her puckered hole. Rebecca did not mind it rough and even wanted it at times. But, right now she didn't believe that Blaze was in control of himself. 

She thought of pushing him off and questioning him, but she reconsidered it. Maybe she should just let it go through its course. It wasn't like she wasn't enjoying it. Ultimately, Rebecca sighed to herself and surrendered to his desires. 

Blaze sucked and licked her butthole until she was completely lubricated. He immediately leaned over her butt and placed his tip at her entrance. Rebecca half expected him to shove it in, but Blaze took it slowly enough. He firmly but carefully pushed himself between her rectal walls. Rebecca had learned from her experience and she loosened her muscles to smoothly let him in. 

Once Rebecca felt his entire length buried inside her, she clenched her muscles tightly. Blaze grunted as he fell against her back. Suddenly, Rebecca felt herself being bitten on her shoulder blade. Not hard enough to draw blood but hard enough to cause pain. 

"Eaaahhhhh" Rebecca screamed. Pain turned into pleasure and she instantly came. She was confused. <em>Why was she cumming so easily, despite him being rough?</em> 

Blaze didn't give her time to think and started ramming into her anus. He put his hands underneath and grabbed her breasts. He squeezed them tight as he bounced his hips on her springy butt. 

Rebecca felt her mind cloud with ecstasy and something else. She felt her pleasure increase exponentially as his rod titillated the thousands of nerve endings in her anus, while the rough movements caused the table to stimulate her clitoris. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Rebecca burst a third time as she ejected her fluids on to Blaze. Blaze's mind turned pure white before he exploded himself into Rebecca's rectum. 

He collapsed on her back and started heaving, as his brain unclouded. He slowly started to realize what he had done. He had essentially forced himself on her. He realized that she might not even see it that way, but he did. He felt an intense guilt wash over him. It was becoming common. 

"What happened to you?" Rebecca asked from under him, as Blaze replayed the events in his head. Something strange had happened. He he had lost control of his mind. He had been moving on raw lust and it did not seem like it would be because of an addiction. 

"I am sorry... I don't know what happened. My mind kinda grew cloudy and I just lost control. Maybe I can't go too long without having sex... I am so sorry, aunt Becky. Did I hurt you?" Blaze apologized, as he slowly got out and off her. 

"Nothing I can't handle. Are you alright?" Rebecca turned around and asked in concern. She was somewhat relieved to see that he had lost that look in his eyes. 

"I think so. I am really sorry, aunty" Blaze apologized again. 

"Don't you worry about it. I thought it was unique for a change. We should try this sort of play some time again" Rebecca replied, trying to make him feel better. She decided she needed to discuss this incident with Jie Er. It seemed like the situation with his body was much more complicated than they had presumed. 

The two of them rested against each other for a little while, as Blaze tried to bring his thoughts together. He suddenly found the carnike peeping at them from the forest. He just sniggered at it. 

"Blaze." he suddenly heard Rebecca say seriously. 

"Since you seem to have regained your spirits, I need to talk to you about how you've been treating Jie Er" Rebecca said softly. If Blaze was going to be this affected by it, she needed to set things right between him and Jie Er as soon as she could. 

"She loves you so much, Blaze Er, and you are treating her terribly. Why the hela do you care about this fictitious mother of yours? Jie Er found you, she has taken care of you, she has loved you and now considers you her own flesh and blood. How could you deny her the little happiness you'd give her by calling her mother, Blaze? I can't say I haven't been disappointed in you" she chided him. She had not intended to, but the words just spilled over. 

"I am disappointed at myself too! It's just that my memories have put me in a horrid spot. If I reconcile with her feelings and the things I've done with her, I will be even more disgusted with myself. I just can't look at her as a mother. It's hard to explain Rebecca. Please understand. You don't have these memories of a different world in your head" Blaze tried to defend himself. 

"You know what? You're right. I don't think I can understand your ideas from this other world. But I don't <em>need</em> to understand them either. Where are you living now? Who do you love the most? Would you let a feeling from a past life ruin your relationship with Jie Er? She doesn't deserve this treatment" Rebecca reproached him, and Blaze ruefully held his gaze away. 

Rebecca sighed and drew him into her breasts for a hug. 

"You can take your time to set your thoughts straight, but don't take too long. Jie Er doesn't show it but I know she's been quite down. She must be blaming herself for not asking your opinion about adopting you" 

Blaze silently nodded. 

*** 

Blaze spent most of the weekend with Elyssa. He even stayed over at the mayor's mansion on Loredas. At an age of 452, the mayor, Arban Lina was one of the oldest angels Blaze had met. Although she only appeared like a woman in her late thirties woman, she behaved every bit like the genteel old grand-angel she was. Sometimes, she even mistook Blaze to be one of her numerous granddaughters. 

So, over the course of the weekend, Elyssa convinced the mayor to teach Blaze the movement skill she had learnt from her over the past year. 

"It took me a little less than a year to learn it. You have three months to surprise me" Elyssa challenged him. 

Blaze obviously had to accept. 

"Here, take this" Elyssa said to him on Surdas afternoon, handing him an egg-shaped piece of flat marble. 

"I've got my own" she continued, waving a similar piece. 

"What are they?" 

"Don't you know? They are a pair of voice projectors. I've entangled these two. They should last at least a couple of months if we don't over use them" 

"Ooh. How do they work?" 

"Inject some of your energy to activate and just speak into it. Simple" 

Blaze channeled his energy into his piece and it glowed a dim green. 

"Hello? This is Elyssa's alter ego speaking. I think she is going mad. Please help!" Blaze spoke nonsense and Elyssa's piece parroted his words. 

"Neat. How far do they work from?" 

"These have a range of about three hundred yonders. So, they should still work when I reach my mom at the border. Our voices may be unclear, but we can manage" 

Later that evening, Mayor Lina accompanied them out of the mansion as Elyssa prepared to leave Varan. As usual, Res Kal was waiting for her outside with her carriage. 

Elyssa thanked the mayor profusely for her guidance and hospitality, before she turned to Blaze. 

"I will miss you, Blaze. Take care of yourself and don't get yourself into too much trouble" Elyssa said, giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

"Of course. See you in a few months, Ely. Try not to cry when you start missing me" Blaze joked, hugging her tightly and patting on her back. 

When they broke apart, they spotted Jie Er flying towards them from a distance. 

"I thought aunt Becky would pick me up" Blaze asked her as she landed. 

"She had to meet up with her battalion. I was going to come here anyway. I wanted to see off Elyssa" 

Soon, Elyssa got onto the carriage and it took off as Blaze waved her goodbye. Elyssa looked through her window and waved back at him for as long as he was visible. 

"We can start from tomorrow, child. Come to my mansion around three in the afternoon. We can follow Elyssa's schedule" the mayor said to Blaze as the carriage disappeared out of sight. 

"Yes ma'am" Blaze replied, respectfully. 

"What's this about?" Jie Er asked curiously. 

"Mayor Lina has kindly agreed to teach me her movement technique. I know my wings aren't fully grown, but she thinks it should be fine for me to learn some basic movements" Blaze explained. 

Jie Er's expression suddenly hardened a little. 

"I am sorry mayor Lina. My daughter will be inheriting my movement technique. I apologize for the confusion. She didn't know about it" Jie Er said to the mayor with a serious look. 

Blaze wanted to protest but he turned silent after looking at Jie Er's stolid face. 

The mayor looked a little surprised. 

"Do you think she will be better off with your technique" she asked Jie Er, after appraising her for a moment. 

"Yes" came a firm reply. 

Lina nodded. 

"You know where to find me if you change your mind" she told them before turning and heading back to her mansion. 

Jie Er wordlessly picked Blaze up and headed home. 

*** 

"Aunty?" Blaze said as Jie Er cooked dinner. Neither of them had said a word to each other since they left Varan. 

"Yes?" came a stiff response. 

"Can't I learn from the mayor? Ely thinks it's a pretty good technique" Blaze asked softly. 

"My technique is better" 

"It shouldn't hurt to learn another one" 

It wasn't that Blaze did not trust Jie Er, but she was only a normal angel while the mayor was a powerful archangel. It couldn't hurt to seek her guidance even if he didn't use her techniques. 

"Have I done something wrong?" Jie Er turned to Blaze and asked. Her face filled with hurt. 

"Aunty?" Blaze replied looking like a deer stuck in headlights. The anguish in Jie Er's face was poignant. 

"Why do you keep pushing me away? I realize I can't be your mother, but can't I at least give you my inheritance?" Jie Er asked him as her blue eyes turned moist. 

Realization suddenly struck Blaze. It had nothing to do with the movement skill. Jie Er had taken his rejection worse than he had imagined. And the way he had treated her over the week hadn't softened the blow. 

Maybe it was due to his angel body, but tears started to uncontrollably trickle down his cheeks. Blaze had never been overtly emotional, and he couldn't remember the last time he had cried. But at that moment, he couldn't control his tears. 

"Aunty... I am so sorry... hic... it's these damn memories ... hic... I have" Blaze tried to explain. 

The suffering she saw in Blaze immediately evaporated Jie Er's own sorrow. She rushed forward and hugged him to her chest. 

"What's wrong, child? Tell me" 

"That's the... hic... problem, aunty. I can't explain. You won't understand. This world is so different... hic" Blaze sobbed into her chest. 

"Try me, Blaze Er. You won't know until you try. Make me understand" Jie Er cooed as she caressed his back and hair. 

Blaze tried to calm himself as he came to a decision. If there was anyone who deserved his complete confidence, it was Jie Er. 

After a few comforting moments in her arms, Blaze pulled away, wiped his tears and led her to the chairs in the dining room. They sat down, and Blaze started narrating his past life. 

He described to her what Earth was like and the differences between the two worlds. He explained to her about sex and what it meant. He told her why he considered himself an adult, and he tried to make her understand why his actions and feelings towards her caused him such anguish. 

Jie Er listened to him patiently and intently without interjecting him. Once he was done, she leaned back and tried to digest the information. She had presumed that Blaze's claims where a figment of his imagination, caused by his strange birth. But now, his vivid descriptions seemed to indicate otherwise. 

She was amazed and incredulous at the existence of an entirely different world. Angels had considered the existence of life on other planets, but Blaze's world seemed to be from an entirely different universe. <em>Maybe it was a different dimension?</em> Regardless, it was a question for angels smarter than her. 

She finally sighed and came to a decision. It didn't matter to her what Blaze was in his previous life. She considered him her child in this one and that was all that mattered. 

"You're right, Blaze" Jie Er finally said. "I won't be able to understand what it is like to be a 'hooman'" 

Blaze face fell a little and he looked down at his hands on the table. 

"And, I can't change my feelings towards you. You will always be my little one. But it doesn't matter. I can deal with the fact that you can never look at me that way. You don't even have to call me that when it is not necessary, but please don't push me away" Jie Er said softly, lifting Blaze's chin up with a hand. 

"I know that you must've given it a lot of thought, but just keep in mind that you're an angel now. What we did is not wrong or shameful to the angels. We didn't even have such a concept until you introduced it. To us, it is nothing more than a long hug. Please don't beat yourself over it. It hurts me to see you so pained about something that should be considered a display of affection" she continued, lightly caressing his cheek. 

Blaze slightly nodded as tears threated to flood his eyes again. 

"If it helps, just forget that I even wanted to be your mother. I will never mention it again. Just think of it as something you have to do to keep up your secret" 

Blaze gave her half a nod. 

"Alright, let me finish up the dinner. I am getting hungry" Jie Er said, getting up suddenly. 

Blaze sat brooding as Jie Er finished cooking. They ate in silence and after a couple of hours they headed to bed. Blaze went to Rebecca's room, but he couldn't fall asleep. Jie Er's words kept drilling holes in his brain. 

Jie Er was awake when Blaze crept into her room in the middle of the night. He got under the sheets and curled up with his back turned towards her. She drifted off into a peaceful slumber with a smile on her face. 

*** 

Rebecca returned home the next evening to find the two angels conversing quite casually in the living room 

"I see you two have made up. I was thinking of taking drastic measures, if you hadn't" Rebecca told them as she sat down. 

"Do I even want to know what they were?" Blaze asked wryly. 

"Oh. Nothing extraordinary, really. I was just going to force you two into a threesome" Rebecca replied. 

Blaze's face stiffened. Jie Er chose not to say anything. 

"Did I say something wrong?" 

"Nothing. Auntie?" Blaze replied, turning to Jie Er to change the topic. 

"Yes?" 

"About the lessons with mayor Lina..." 

"I thought we were over this. You should just learn my movement technique. It's stronger than hers. I am just waiting for your wings to grow a little longer. Trust me on this" Jie Er replied curtly. 

"But she is an archangel. I could learn other things from her" 

"So am I" Jie Er said nonchalantly. 

Blaze and Rebecca took a moment to register her words, before they exclaimed simultaneously. "You what!?" 

"I am an archangel. At least, I am one technically. My second pair of wings are crippled... for now" 

"Crippled?" Blaze asked. 

"Since when?" Rebecca asked at the same time. "Wait, is that why you were offered a position as a captain?" 

Jie Er nodded. "Yeah. But, I was already crippled by that time. I had an accident, which I don't want to talk about right now" 

"Can I see them?" Blaze asked excitedly. 

"See what?" 

"Your second pair" 

"They are crippled, little one. They are ugly to look at" 

"I don't care about how they look" Blaze replied firmly, and Rebecca nodded in support. 

"Ok fine. But only to convince you that you don't need the mayor's advice" Jie Er replied, getting up. 

She first manifested her first pair of wings, which instantly materialized from her clavicles. Then she started to concentrate, and her face scrunched up in effort. A pair of grey white wings slowly started sprouting from the dimples of her back, a little above her tailbone. 

As they grew, the other two noticed that they were limp and looked bedraggled. They were patchy spots of dark grey in places and they almost looked diseased. They kept growing until each wing was almost eight feet long. 

Blaze reached out a hand, but Jie Er dematerialized them before he could touch. They disappeared with a flash of resplendent white. Blaze could swear he say a bit of red before they vanished. 

"They are long, Jie Er. You must've been quite powerful" Rebecca said in amazement. 

"They weren't that long when they were crippled. They've been growing, but I haven't succeeded in bringing life into them" Jie Er explained as she sat down. She seemed a little tired. 

Blaze and Rebecca silently came to a conclusion that they had to reconsider their notions about Jie Er. There was a lot more to her than she revealed, and her foreign name was the least of it. 

"Jie Er! You must've been an archangel before you hit 150. You have deity potential!!" Rebecca suddenly exclaimed, excitedly. 

"I <em>had</em>" Jie Er corrected her. 

"Why am I surrounded by such freaks. Now I feel so stupid about challenging you" Rebecca sighed. 

"Don't sell yourself short, Becky. You could become a deity too" 

"Hah! Small chance. I am 134 and nowhere close to being an arch. May be when I hit 500 and <em>if</em> I hit 500, but that will be too late" 

There were only six prominent deities in Aranya and around a hundred in the entire Heavenly union. However, most of the stronger archangels had a chance of becoming deities towards the end of their lives - like the proverbial stars burning brightly before fading out. Angels did not consider them to be true deities, as they did not affect the strength of a nation. Only those deities who reached the deity level before 350 or 375 years of age were considered true deities. Elyssa's mothers were both in their mid-two-hundreds. 

After dinner, the three of them headed for bed. 

"You can sleep with Becky if you want" Jie Er told Blaze as he followed her into her room. 

Blaze knew what she implied, but he shook his head. He didn't want Jie Er to feel any more alienated. 

He simply got under the sheets and curled up without saying a word. Jie Er kissed him on the cheek and drew him close before they fell asleep. 

*** 

The next couple of days flew by as Blaze tried to get used to Elyssa's absence. He went to the library every morning but even with all the books it was lonely and boring without her presence. He called her on the VP, but they couldn't talk for long without worrying about using up the charge. She seemed to have finally reached General Sturm at the border. 

He tried to visit Agatha but as fate would have it, she seemed to be out of town. And, since he was avoiding having sex at the house, he was once again forced to being celibate. Rebecca had been busy, and she always seemed to be in a hurry whenever she dropped him off. Apparently, the demon activity at the border had increased and the army had ramped up their exercises. She also returned home late and Jie Er had to pick him up from Varan. 

The hunger he felt the previous week slowly began to return. 

However, on the morning of Turdas, Blaze woke up to his boy shorts pulled down and his erect penis in Jie Er's mouth. 

He tried to wiggle away, but Jie Er had his hips firmly locked between her hands and his legs tied down by the weight of her body. 

"Aunty..." he tried to protest, but Jie Er simply engulfed his whole penis in her mouth. 

She glanced up at him with her beautiful blue eyes and slowly pulled her lips up his length. 

Blaze sucked in deeply as she licked his tip and pulled out with a smack. 

She went down on him again and was soon vigorously bobbing her head up and down his member. Overcome by the incessant hunger that seemed to be waging a constant war against his senses, Blaze let himself go. 

Within a few minutes, he jutted and spasmed into her mouth. Jie Er took it all in and sucked him dry using the pressure of her lips. 

She slowly got up and gulped the mouthful of semen down. She wiped her mouth with a hand and then licked it. 

"You claim it isn't energy, but it feels refreshing as soon as it enters my stomach. Have you considered that it may not be the same as what you're used to on the other world?" 

"Aunty..." 

"Don't complain, little one. Think of what happened as taking care of a need. I heard from Rebecca about what happened at the river, the other day. I feed you when you are hungry. How is this any different? Besides, I want our relationship to go back to what it was before" Jie Er explained. 

Blaze sighed and got off the bed. It did seem like it was becoming a need, and he wasn't happy about it. 

Jie Er smiled happily and hugged him from the side as she led him out for breakfast. 

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Rebecca asked him as Blaze gave her the evil eye over the breakfast table. 

"No reason. You just look pretty" Blaze replied. <em>Backstabbing Rebecca! Just wait till I am done with you tonight.</em> 

Rebecca felt a chill travel up her spine. 

"Aunt Jie Er? Can I go exploring around the house today? I can already glide a good two hundred feet and you've seen how fast I can be with my dive gliding" Blaze asked as Jie Er and Rebecca got ready to leave. He had decided to stay home that day. With Elyssa and Agatha gone, he didn't see the point of going to the library every day. 

"Sure. It's not like you haven't already done that" Jie Er replied without batting an eye. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze narrowed his eyes at Rebecca, while she pretended to be not paying any attention. 

"Just don't venture out too far and <em>avoid</em> the forest" Jie Er added a little more seriously. 

So, Blaze frolicked about in the grasslands for the rest of the day. He practiced his flying and the swift wing style. The martial technique used wings as a weapon, and one move where an angel stiffened her wings and used them to slice at her opponents seemed to go particularly well with his dive gliding. However, Blaze had no idea how feathers could hurt anyone. He could only assume that there was more to the move and that Jie Er would teach him when the time was right. 

Blaze also ran into the carnike, later in the afternoon. It was prowling about its usual spot. Ever since the time he had punted it into the forest, their roles seemed to have reversed. It took off as soon as it spotted him, and Blaze chased it around the river with his Virdian bat. He wasn't actually trying to hurt it, but it proved to be good practice for his swings. 

He even gave the carnike a name. He called it Momo. Its flappy ears reminded of a cartoon character he used to watch as a kid. 

Momo kept trying to escape into the forest, but Blaze positioned himself in such a way that it could only run away in the opposite direction. Finally, it collapsed to the ground in exhaustion. It flopped its ears in submission and looked at Blaze with doey eyes. 

Feeling a little sorry for the creature, Blaze landed near it and approached it slowly. 

"Meewww" it whined sadly, without lifting its head. Blaze gently reached a hand to pet its head. 

Suddenly, the carnike opened its mouth wide and snapped at his hand. Blaze yelped and jumped back with his heart in his mouth. The devious carnike instantly took to its feet and scampered off into the forest. 

"Are you harassing the poor carnike again?" he heard a voice from behind, as he tried to steady his heart. Rebecca had spotted him while she was returning home. 

"It deserves it. I tried to pet it and it almost bit my hand off!" Blaze replied glancing at the sun. It beginning to dip below the horizon. He hadn't realized how late it was. 

"Of course, it did. It's not a rabbit. It's a wild carnivore" Rebecca answered. 

"It's a stupid looking carnivore" Blaze cursed. 

"Let's go home. Have you been out all day? Jie Er must be worried" Rebecca said, coming up to him to pick him up. 

*** 

"I was just about to go out looking for you" Jie Er exclaimed as Rebecca and Blaze entered the house. 

"Sorry aunty, I lost track of time chasing Momo" Blaze apologized. 

"Momo?" 

"She's trying to become friends with a carnike" Rebecca chimed in. 

"Blaze!?" 

"Don't worry. I am sure she has learned her lesson after it tried to take a bite out of her hand" 

"Maybe I should be more worried about letting you out by yourself" Jie Er replied. 

"It's fine Jie Er. She's strong enough to handle anything in the surrounding forest. She just needs to use her head a little more" 

"You're the one to talk" Blaze said giving her a rap on the butt. 

"Oww. What do you guys think of a long bath before dinner? Blaze definitely needs one and I feel a little grimy as well" Rebecca asked, suddenly changing the topic. 

"Sure" came two replies, but Blaze suddenly realized what that meant. However, he couldn't really take back his words. He moodily followed the other two to the pool. 

He quickly ditched his clothes and jumped into the pool, wading to the far side. 

Rebecca grinned at him and started removing her clothes in a sensuous manner. She had been with him long enough to know what tickled his senses. She slowly pared the corset of her nipples, making her heavy breasts bounce as the clothing came off.  

She dropped the corset and slowly turned around. She leaned down low, jutting her pear-shaped butt towards him as she peeled her thong off her slit in an excruciatingly slow manner. Her tiny puckered hole and her thin pink slit, completely visible. 

<em>This little biddy...</em> Blaze cursed at her, while Jie Er quickly got into the pool without much elaboration. 

Rebecca painstakingly put on a show as she removed each bit of clothing and swirled around in a flourish to display her assets. 

Finally, she walked into the pool and sat down beside Jie Er, placing an arm around her. She settled down in the warm water and soaked for a while making Blaze hope that she was done messing around. 

However, she suddenly wrapped a hand around Jie Er's nape and pulled her into a kiss. Jie Er's eyes widened in surprise but she reciprocated as she felt Rebecca's soft lips. She had missed the touch of another angel. 

The two of them started out slowly with gentle pecks and fleeting licks, but Rebecca wouldn't have it for too long. As soon as Jie Er gave the tiniest indication of wanting more, Rebecca grabbed her lower lip between hers and started sucking on it. 

Jie Er felt a familiar heat resurge in the pit of her stomach. Soon the two of them were voraciously devouring each other's lips as their tongues interlocked and intertwined. Jie Er reached up a hand to cup Rebecca's cheek, but she brushed her hand aside and moved it to her breast. She wanted Blaze to have an unhindered view. 

<em>Fuck me.</em> 

There was something insanely sensuous about two women kissing. Blaze had never cared about watching a man and a woman kiss nor had he ever been into lesbian sex, but he could never get tired of watching a kiss between two women. Maybe it had to do with the beauty of their lips or with their innate tenderness, but Blaze couldn't take his eyes of them. 

<em>Wait! Were Jie Er and Rebecca bisexual?</em> Blaze suddenly had a thought. The kiss was too sensual and the two of them had always been too comfortable with pleasuring each other. 

<em>Was he so lucky that he just happened to be in the company of two bisexuals? Maybe it didn't matter since there was only one gender on Azra-El. Or maybe sexuality was fluid and it was only inhibited by social stigma.</em> 

"Mmmmphh" a muffled moan from Jie Er brought Blaze back from his musings. 

Rebecca's hand was under water and Blaze didn't have to imagine what it was doing. Jie Er was reciprocating by gently massaging her breast. Blaze's member stood tall in the water. 

Finally, the two of them broke their kiss apart to catch some breath. Rebecca looked at Blaze, who seemed to be having trouble breathing. Jie Er gave him a fleeting glance before she looked away. 

Rebecca suddenly gave him a devious grin. 

<em>Shit.</em> 

She grabbed Jie Er by the thighs and placed her on the bank. Jie Er blushed and looked at her coyly as Rebecca forced her knees apart and dived in between her thighs. 

Knowing what worked on her own body, Rebecca played Jie Er with dexterity. She kissed her lower lips, titillated her clitoris and licked the length of her perfect slit. She gently spread her lips apart with her tongue and slowly penetrated her, lapping up her wetness. 

Blaze sucked in a deep as Jie Er let out an ecstatic moan. 

Rebecca arched her back and her butt cheeks floated above the water. The tiny waves created by her gentle movements splashed against her puckered hole, helping in her arousal. But she wasn't the only one being aroused by it. 

"Are you just going to watch?" Rebecca suddenly asked him without looking back. 

Blaze sighed. It wasn't that he did not know what Rebecca was trying to do, but he couldn't really resist by that point. If he had any vice, it was his weakness towards lust. 

He got up and waded towards Rebecca. He positioned himself behind her, placed a hand on her butt and brushed his member against her groin. She was slimy and quite ready. 

He grabbed her hips and moved his tip to her hole as Rebecca paused her sucking in anticipation. He thrust his hips and penetrated her in one fluid motion. Rebecca's body arched in a wave and the wave transferred to Jie Er through the tongue over her pussy. Jie Er's head fell back as she let out a loud moan. She had watched Blaze enter Rebecca. 

Blaze focused his eyes on Rebecca's back and narrow waist as he started slowly moving through her. He grasped her tight butt cheeks and squeezed them firmly, making Rebecca moan into Jie Er's groin. 

Feeling the spikes of pleasure coursing through the pit of her stomach, Rebecca surrendered her lower body to Blaze as she focused on pleasuring Jie Er. Jie Er titillated her own nipples as she held Rebecca's head and coursed her fingers through her voluptuous wet hair. 

The warm waters sloshed noisily around their thighs as Blaze slowly increased the speed of his thrusts. Rebecca started squealing into Jie Er as her legs pressed tightly against her cheeks. 

Suddenly, Blaze fell on top of Rebecca, grasped her breasts and started pumping into her. Jie Er chose the same moment to wrap her legs around her head and over her back. 

The pressure of two bodies against her own made Rebecca feel ecstasy. 

Suddenly, Jie Er screamed and shivered as her vagina flooded with her fluids. The taste of Jie Er's essence, in turn, brought Rebecca over the edge. Blaze felt the two angels release themselves and the thought alone made him cum. 

The three of them went limp as they spasmed and released themselves onto one another. Rebecca felt the most, as hot fluids flowed into both of her mouths. The fullness made her cum even more vigorously than usual. 

As Blaze shot his last stream into Rebecca, a thought crossed his mind. <em>He had just witnessed three people cum at the same time and he was one of them.</em> 

*** 

Over the next few days, the status quo between Blaze and Jie Er slowly went back to what it had been before Cali. Although Blaze refused to initiate anything sexual with Jie Er, he did not reject anything which was initiated by her or Rebecca. 

Blaze continued his daily outings and the harassment of the poor carnike, but he always made sure he had a steady supply of books to read. He mainly focused on the sciences and martial techniques. Jie Er checked his wing length every morning but didn't do much more. 

Finally, on the morning of the next Loredas, Blaze's wing length surpassed five feet. 

Jie Er decided that it was time to teach him the true swift wing style. 

Inheritance techniques were usually personal, but Jie Er felt close enough to Rebecca to let her watch as she taught Blaze. 

The whole idea of the swift wing style was based on turning wings into weapons. The edges of feathers were usually very thin and thus quite sharp. However, their softness was an issue and Jie Er's technique focused on overcoming it. 

The technique allowed for concentrating energies on wing tips to make them harder. And as Blaze soon found out, the technique was much more complex than it sounded. The hardening made his wings heavy and took a lot of energy to make them useable. They also put his wings off balance. This was one the main reasons, Jie Er did not want him to learn any other movement technique. 

The hardened wings needed a specialized movement technique. 

So over the next couple of weeks, Blaze tried to make his feathers sharper and stronger, while simultaneously trying to fly with heavier and off-balance wings. The progress was slow, and it dispirited him, despite Jie Er's constant reminder that he was learning quicker than anyone else she had ever met. 

*** 

One Tirdas morning, a couple of weeks into his training, Blaze was practicing his swift wing style along the edge of the forest. He had finally managed to make his wing tips sharp enough to make piercing cuts on the thick barks of the forest trees. 

So, he swooped along the outer wall of trees, etching lines along their trunks. 

"Eeeeeeeee" Blaze suddenly heard a scream from within the forest. He instantly recognized it. He had heard Momo wail at him for his incessant chasing. But, it had been always been a scream of frustration rather than fear. This scream was one of anguish and terror. 

Blaze landed and considered it for a moment. He was reckless, but he was not stupid. The only thing that could cause Momo to scream like that was a much larger and more dangerous animal. 

However, he didn't take too long to reach a decision. He had promised Jie Er not to enter the forest, but he couldn't leave Momo to fend for herself. If she let him hold her, he could easily sail over the canopy and escape from whatever had cornered her. Not only had his wings grown longer, his speed had also increased considerably. 

So, he steeled his heart and dashed into the forest on his feet. The tree cover was too narrow to allow speedy unhindered flight. 

A few hundred yards into the forest, he spotted the cute cotton tail of the carnike. She was standing on her hind legs and snarling at something hidden behind the cover of the dense foliage. Her white fur was marred in red and her left ear was torn and dangling to her side. 

"Momo!" Blaze cried, unfurling his wings. <em>Why wasn't she running? Her legs seem to be fine.</em> 

Without hesitating, Blaze dashed towards the carnike and grabbed her by the waist. He flapped his wings heavily and flew up to a high branch of one the nearby trees. 

Momo struggled in his arms to get free. Blaze suddenly realized that she wasn't trying to get free from him but was trying to get to the creature staring at them. 

<em>Fucking Hela!</em> 

In front of them was one of the largest tigers Blaze had ever seen. It was a Xenodon and to call it a massive tiger was doing it injustice. 

At a shoulder height of seven feet, it seemed like it would weigh at least a ton. It had two razor sharp saber teeth hanging from its upper jaw and its claws seemed to be at least six inches each. Its light green fur was matted with purplish black spots. 

Blaze spotted a few lightly bleeding scratches on its legs and rump. It seemed that despite the size difference Momo had managed to land a few nips on the creature. 

The Xenodon gave them a glance and turned its attention to the right. Blaze followed its gaze to a now exposed burrow made at the surface roots of an enormous redwood tree. It was nested with leaves, flowers and quite a few fish bones. 

Blaze expected to see a baby carnike, but he was surprised again. A large ugly hatchling that seemed to be slightly bigger than Momo, was scurrying against the trunk in fear. It had a peachy parrot like beak, beady black eyes and not a single feather on its body. Blaze had read about the Xenodon before, but he had no idea what the bird was. 

Suddenly, Momo slammed her hind legs against his chest and escaped his grasp, almost knocking him of the branch. Blaze flapped his wings wildly to steady himself. 

"That's not your baby, you stupid bunny!" he screamed after the carnike as she raced fearlessly towards the Xenodon. 

The Xeno growled and swiped its claws at her. Momo jumped back, narrowly avoiding being split open at her stomach. 

"Eeeeeep" she hissed at the Xeno to take its attention away from the hatchling. 

Blaze wracked his brain to figure out his options. There was no way for him to safely carry both the carnike and the bird. Blaze looked around and found the surroundings to be stained with splotches of blood. It seemed like the carnike had been fighting tooth and paw to saw the bird. 

The Xeno stepped towards her and Momo stumbled. She had been continuously losing blood and Blaze knew she couldn't keep up the fight much longer. 

Blaze decided that he needed save Momo. He felt sorry for the hatchling, but he had grown attached to the carnike, and he could save only one of them. 

Blaze got ready to dive off the branch, when Momo turned to him and wailed. He could see the pleading in her eyes. Baze grit his teeth and dived towards the hatchling. 

Noticing Blaze's trajectory, the Xenodon charged towards him. Blaze got ready to swerve away, when Momo leapt at the cat's rump and sunk its teeth. 

The Xeno let out an ear-splitting roar and tried to buck the carnike off its rear. Blaze glided to the baby bird and grabbed it by an arm before he floated to a nearby branch. He used the branch as a step to leap over the canopy and flapped his wings hard to stay afloat. 

The terrified hatchling sunk its tough beak into Blaze's arm, drawing blood. Wincing in pain, Blaze turned around to see what was happening. <em>Maybe she could still run away.</em> 

The ginormous cat sprang backwards and slammed the brave carnike into a tree. No amount of willpower could've allowed the carnike to hold on. With her ribcage caved in, Momo slumped to the ground. The Xeno quickly turned around and slammed its paw on momo's body. Momo let out a final whimper before the Xenodon sunk its teeth into her head. 

Blaze couldn't watch anymore. He turned around and dived to get away from the place as fast as he could. His eyes clouded. Whether it was from the pain in his arm or because of Momo's sacrifice, he couldn't tell. 

With the carnike dead, the Xeno raised its head and looked towards Blaze's retreating form before glancing back into the forest. 

The hatchling calmed down as Blaze flew back home. Maybe his blood had sated its hunger. 

*** 

When Jie Er came home that evening, she immediately noticed the traces of blood leading into the house. Alarmed, she rushed into the house to find her kitchen floor blotted in red and a wounded Blaze tending to his arm. 

Blaze had tried to apply some medicine and gauze to his arm, but he couldn't do much with one hand. Despite the flowing blood, the deep gouge in his arm did not hurt as much as he expected. The wound was too deep, and his pain receptors had been damaged. 

Blaze tried to give Jie Er a reassuring smile, but he found her staring at the hatchling covering at the right corner of the kitchen. 

"Quetzal!" Jie Er breathed in sharply, immediately bringing out a sword. It was long and narrow, and it glimmered like a sapphire under the kitchen light. 

"Aunty! Stop! It's just a baby. Momo died trying to save it. It was just scared" Blaze said hastily, afraid that Jie Er was going to hurt the bird. 

"Is the mother around?" Jie Er said sharply. 

"I don't think there is one. Momo seemed to have been taking care of it" 

Jie Er slowly calmed down, realizing that the hatchling posed them no immediate threat. 

"What happened?" she asked him seriously, as she sat down beside him and started unwrapping his hard work. 

Blaze sadly recanted the whole episode, as Jie Er cleaned his wound and bandaged him in fresh gauze. 

"Sigh. I guess telling you that you were too reckless is pointless?" Jie Er asked him after he was done. 

"I had to, aunty. Momo gave her life for it. What's a Quetzal? Why do you seem so afraid?" Blaze asked testing his wounded arm. There was only a numbing pain, but he knew it would get worse. 

"They are <em>angel killers</em>" she replied sharply. "At least that's what the ones trained by the demons are called. They are a force to be reckoned with. The Quetzal corps have won several major battles for the demons" Jie Er replied. 

"Why don't <em>we</em> have them?" 

"They are not native around here. They mostly roost on the outskirts of the Infernal Desert. That's why I don't understand what a hatchling is doing around here. There must be a mother somewhere" Jie Er said thoughtfully. 

"I saw no signs of one. Why don't the angels capture some Quetzals and tame their children?" Blaze asked again. He had already decided to keep the bird, no matter how ugly it looked. Besides, he was sure it would look either pretty or fearsome once it grew its feathers. He was fine with either. 

"Don't you think we've tried? The demons have a secret way of taming them. They are usually violent creatures and even as hatchlings they don't let anyone get close. Are you sure there was no mother around? We should notify the mayor before someone gets hurt" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"I am sure. Otherwise, why would Momo be trying to protect it? Does a mother Quetzal leave a baby for long periods? That doesn't seem safe, especially with a Xenodon prowling around. I think Momo found it somewhere and decided to raise it" 

"Hmmm. It makes no sense. A hatchling can't magically appear in the middle of nowhere. I will wait for Rebecca and we will go look around. If there is an adult Quetzal around, we need to warn people" Jie Er replied 

"What do you plan on doing with the hatchling?" she continued, pointing at the bird. "I think we should hand it over to the mayor or the duchess. You should give up on trying to tame it. Many angels have tried it before. It's pointless without the taming method" 

The little Quetzal, which had had calmed down when Blaze had been mending his wounds, seemed to have once again become agitated. Its focus now on Jie Er. 

"Please aunty, can you at least let me try? This one may be different. Momo seemed to have been raising it. Would a normal baby Quetzal allow that?" Blaze protested. 

"I will let you try for a few days. But if I ever feel that it's becoming dangerous, I am sending it away" Jie Er agreed quickly. She decided it was easier to let Blaze try taming it rather than arguing against him. The baby Quetzal did not pose any great threat yet. 

Suddenly, Rebecca barged in through the front door with a spear in her hand. She saw Jie Er kneeling beside an obviously wounded Blaze and she ran into the kitchen. 

"What happened? Are you alr... eeek" Rebecca screamed and immediately tried to rush towards the bird with her spear. 

"Stop!" Blaze screamed, but Jie Er was quicker. She grabbed Rebecca's hair and pulled her back. 

"Calm down! It's alright" she reassured the bloodthirsty angel. 

"What's going on? Why do we have a freaking Quetzal in the house?" Rebecca screeched, alarming the bird even more. 

"Can the two of you get out?" Blaze replied. "You are frightening Sky" 

"Sky?" 

"You've gotta be kidding me" 

*** 

"Be careful" Jie Er told Blaze as she and Rebecca got ready to head out in search of the adult Quetzal. They had given Rebecca a brief explanation with a promise of a more detailed one. 

"I will be fine. You are the ones that should be careful" Blaze cautioned them as they stepped out. 

"We will get help if we spot one. We aren't planning on fighting it" Rebecca replied, before they took off to the sky. They only had half an hour's worth of sunlight left. 

Blaze watched their fading forms for a moment before he headed back inside. Sky became alert as soon as she heard him step inside, but she seemed to calm down after a moment. 

"'Sup' little guy, how's it going?" Blaze cooed as he slowly approached the bird. 

He gently reached out a hand trying not to alarm the creature. 

Sky watched his hand warily but did not lunge at him like she'd done before. Blaze bopped its beak once before retreating his hand. He could tell that she was still uncomfortable. 

"You hungry?" he said getting up quickly. The quick movements startled the little bird, but Blaze had done it intentionally. He wanted it to get used to him when she was still helpless. 

"Let's see. I saw some fish bones at your nest, and parrots eat fruit and nuts. Maybe we can find some stuff you can choose from" he spoke out loud, before heading to the fridge. 

The refrigerators on Azra-El were clunkier than the ones on earth. However, it was mostly because of the heavy insulation around the core of the fridge. An energy absorbing crystal cooled it by slowly removing heat from the inner core. It was exceptionally efficient, as the heat absorbed could later be used for other purposes like cooking. 

He picked up a couple of deboned fish and a Tava fruit from the fridge, while grabbing some assorted nuts from the pantry. He placed them in front of Sky and waited. 

However, the bird just stared at the food and gave no indication that it was going to eat them. 

"Eat!" Blaze said, demonstrating by popping a nut into his mouth. The parrot tilted his head at him, as if she was asking if he was crazy. 

Suddenly an image of a bird feeding its nestlings flashed in his mind. <em>Fuck, you're only a hatchling.</em> 

Blaze quickly gathered up food and put some boiling water on the stove. He cut the fish and fruit into small pieces and mashed the nuts into a powder. He dropped them all into the water and boiled them until they became soft. He mashed it all into a thick soup and even added some Bison milk for consistency. 

He couldn't procure bird vomit, but his cooking skills were perfect for making something that resembled it. 

He poured the goo into a smaller cup and grabbing the bird's lower beak he lifted its head to pour it down its throat. 

Sky struggled and tried to scratch at his knees, until it felt the goo trickle into the void in its stomach. It quickly gulped down the whole cup and then blinked at Blaze, as if surprised that this angel was feeding her. 

"quee quee" it suddenly squealed, jutting its beak at Blaze's hands. 

"Oh, <em>now</em> you want more? Impressed by my impeccable cooking skills?" Blaze laughed at the bird. 

She managed to finish up half a gallon of soup before she was satisfied. 

With it hunger finally sated and her gizzard heavy with the Blaze's nasty concoction, the bird seemed to finally realize that Blaze was trying to protect her. She wobbled back to her corner and with her tail against it, she laid her head down. 

Blaze reached out and slowly started caressing her head. Sky tried her best to keep herself awake, but the lulling motions slowly put her to sleep. 

*** 

Jie Er and Rebecca returned an hour later. Sky gave out a loud squeal and scampered up to Blaze who was sitting at the dinner table, reading a book. It hugged his leg with its papery featherless limbs and glared at the two adult angels. 

"You've tamed it?" Jie Er asked in astonishment. 

"Why am I not surprised?" Rebecca just sighed as Blaze kneeled to calm the bird down. 

"Tamed? Isn't that a bit of a stretch? I think it just trusts me a little. I did save it from the Xeno. It seems to like my cooking too" Blaze replied shaking his head. 

"You don't understand, Blaze. Quetzals aren't like other wild animals. Why do you think they are so hard tame? They just don't trust other creatures, even if they are the first and only creature they see after hatching. Sky letting you touch her means that it has accepted you. Taming is now just a matter of how you train her" Jie Er explained. 

"Do you think I may be a demon?" Blaze suddenly asked. Just like Sky, his egg could've come from anywhere. 

The two older angels were taken back for a moment, before Jie Er replied. 

"I don't think there are many who can claim to be angels if you aren't, little one. Look at the color of your wings. White and light red. Both are strong angel colors. Unless you are hiding a masking stone, there is no way you are not an angel. As you said, I think it is the Quetzal that's a different. We found no trace of an adult Quetzal, but we looked at the nest. Seems like Momo has been raising it for at least a week. No Quetzal will leave its child for so long" 

"What about the Xenodon?" Blaze asked hesitantly. 

"We found its tracks leading deeper into the forest. Oddly enough, Momo's body was uneaten. We buried her" Rebecca answered. 

"All of this very strange. Why is there a Quetzal hatchling in Aranya. Why wouldn't a Xenodon not eat its kill?" Jie Er pondered out loud. 

Blaze looked away sadly when he heard about Momo. He had hoped that the carnike might have pulled off a miracle and somehow survived. But he apparently wasn't in such a whimsical fantasy world. 

"Phrrrt" Sky made a loud noise and pooped on the kitchen floor. 

"I guess we do have to build that new room now" Jie Er said looking at the poopy snarling bird. She wasn't going to have a smelly bird in her kitchen or her room. 

*** 

Sky slept in the kitchen that night, but they made a makeshift coop outside the kitchen the next morning. Blaze spent the day with the bird, trying to get her used to being around an angel. He practiced his energy manipulation and then brought out a book to read in the garden. 

As he read the book, Blaze started humming a tune from Earth. Suddenly he spotted Sky, who was perched on a nearby rock, begin nodding at the tune. 

"You like that?" Blaze asked and started singing the song out loud. 

<em>Somewhere, beyond the trees<br> Somewhere, waiting for me<br> My parrot stands on an aspen branch<br> And watches the birds that go flying</em> 

<em>Somewhere, beyond the trees<br> You're there watching for me<br> If you could fly like birds on high<br> Then straight to my arms you'd come flying</em> 

Sky delightfully bobbed her head in accord with the tune. 

*** 

~<em>In memory of Sky, my pet parrot, who lived only for five weeks but gave me many wonderful memories. I used to sing him/her my version of Bobby Darin's hit song, Somewhere Beyond the Sea. I hope to give it a long life in my novel.</em> 

<strong>I would really like to hear your opinions on this chapter. Please leave a comment</strong> 

<strong>Explanation</strong> for those of you who are still unclear about the idea I was exploring in this chapter: To the angels, sex is no different than a long kiss or a massage. Why should it be any different? They don't reproduce the same way as humans. Imagine a contrasting universe where people get pregnant by mere touch. To them, touching would be as intimate as sex. A person from that universe would probably be as conflicted in our universe as Blaze is in the world of angels. 

Some of you may also may be wondering if I have closeted incestual tendencies. My answer is a confident no (it's up to you to believe me). I am comfortable writing this partly because I don't think I have such thoughts. I used to have a thing for older women. Not as much anymore. I am comfortable with my sexuality and I hope to explore anything that excites me. But, I will refer to what I said at the start of this story. I will write nothing that I consider pedophilia, rape or other things right of the philia spectrum.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 07|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Notes: </strong>

<strong>Special Thanks </strong>to<strong> jpz007ahren </strong>and <strong>tentaclesforever </strong>for their uplifting comments. (Sorry mate, no tentacles for you in this novel. Maybe I'll name an octopus after your namesake or something). Same goes for the other reviews too.

As for the speed of chapter releases, I don't think I can go any faster; at least for now. You may have noticed that the quality of the chapters has increased from chapter 5 onwards. The complexity of the story has also increased more than I originally intended, and I am trying my best to make it read worthy, despite the lack of an editor. My speed may improve as I become more proficient at writing but do not expect sudden any sudden improvement.

Also, keep reviewing. Your feedback means a lot and it keeps me going forward.

<strong>Results of the polls: </strong>Unsurprisingly, Elyssa and Jie Er top the polls. I was, however, surprised that Rebecca got only two votes. Poor Rebecca â˜¹. The best sex scene was Astrid's -- I had the most fun in writing that.

***

Over the next couple of days, Jie Er and Rebecca scoured the surrounding forests, whenever they could, for signs of an adult Quetzal. However, they did not even come across a feather of a Quetzal within a forty yonder radius of where Blaze found Sky.

The three of them postulated numerous reasons over why a Quetzal hatchling would appear out of nowhere, but none of them made much sense. Rebecca finally decided for herself that the world goddess, Hathor, had finally granted the angels a Quetzal they could tame.

Jie Er and Blaze were more suspicious, but without anything to focus their suspicions on, they had to give up on their contemplations.

"You know, Rin and Lin have experience in taming. As scouts, they've worked with puokai and dogs. Maybe they can give you some advice on Sky" Rebecca said that weekend, as they worked on Blaze's new room. They were extending the foundation of the house to the left of Jie Er's room.

Blaze nodded as he recalled the two purple haired twins he had met at the army camp.

Sky was currently locked up in her coop, glaring at Blaze for confining her. For a mere bird, she seemed to be quite expressive. She had not yet taken to the older angels and did not like it when they were close to Blaze.

She hadn't grown visibly over the past few days, but tiny hair like pale blue protrusions started sprouting over her head and tail. She was also pooping a lot and she liked to do it anywhere but her coop. Thus, she had been officially banned from entering the house.

Blaze had tried in vainto train her but pointing at the coop and saying 'poop' did not seem to be having much of an effect.

"How about I ask them to come over on the morning of Turdas or Fredas? They've been nagging me about the pool. We can let them have a dip after they help out with the training" Rebecca said to him.

"Sure. But, don't you have to be at the camp on weekdays?"

"Yeah, about that. We are being sent off to the TriSaw Ridge for a month. The demons haven't ceased their activity along the north western border and we have been asked to guard the ridge. We were given a few days off before we leave" Rebecca replied.

"Is it going to be dangerous?" Blaze asked, a little worried.

"TriSaw Ridge? Nah. It's just an energy stone quarry. Quite far from the border. They are afraid that the demons might send someone to sabotage it, so we are just going there to guard it"

"I guess I won't be seeing you for a whole month then" Blaze replied glumly.

"I'm sorry"

"We need to have a party before you leave. Let's have the twins over on both days" Blaze replied, trying to sound innocent.

"What are you planning?" Rebecca asked, unconvinced by his act.

"Oh nothing. Just a little bonding between the twins and their lieutenant. After all, you will be stuck together in some stupid mine for a whole month" Blaze grinned.

"Hmm. That doesn't sound like a bad idea at all. A lieutenant does need to get to know her soldiers. What's the plan?" Rebecca replied with a gleam in her eyes, rubbing her hands together.

Blaze put an arm around her and started discussing his idea in hushed voices.

Jie Er watched the two conniving angels and simply shook her head. She couldn't say she wasn't a little envious. She had work on those days.

***

"It's really a Quetzal!!" Rin shrieked in delight, as soon as she spotted Sky. The little tyke charged at her from across the garden as soon as 'he' realized that a stranger had landed in his territory. Just because he let Jie Er and Rebecca live in his house did not mean it was welcome to other angels.

Blaze had been referring to Sky in his mind as a 'he'. Quetzals like angels were asexual and there were no gender pronouns on Azra-El, but Blaze had been longing for a 'bro'. He decided to designate the role to Sky.

The 'bro' bird lunged at Rin's ankles as soon as he reached her, but the angel deftly sidestepped and simply lifted the bird off the ground. Sky struggled and tried to nip at her fingers, but Rin held his shoulders in a way that neither his beak nor his claws could reach any part of her skin.

"queee queee" Sky complained at a laughing Blaze.

Rin, with her waist length and side-swept pale pink hair, was the more feminine looking twin.

She was wearing a gold lined skin tight white sleeveless top, with an open chest and a high collar. A long flowing skirt wrapped around her perky butt and was held low by an orange ribbon belt. The front of the skirt was open and revealed her thighs and knee-high white socks.

Lin was the tomboy twin with short scruffy orange hair. Blaze was pretty sure that the twins were both purple haired the last time he saw them, but they seemed to have dyed their hair or maybe it was their original color.

Lin was wearing a yellow long-coat dress that revealed her chest and stomach. Her low hanging dark purple trousers were skin tight and had only one leg. The other side was cut high up her thigh. A green belt and chain held the coat and pants together at her hips.

Although the way the two of them presented themselves was drastically different, they were still identical twins. They had gentle almond shaped green eyes with slightly upturned outer corners. They had soft button noses and cute pale pink lips with pretty smiles. Their faces were oval and rounded with a faint mongoloid resemblance.

"Are you sure she is tameable?" Rin asked Rebecca and Blaze, as Sky waged a war against his indomitable foe.

"Let me show you" Blaze replied, taking Sky from her hands. The bird clawed her way up his shirt and onto his shoulder. He hugged Blaze's face with a wing and snarled threateningly at Rin.

"He just needs to get used to other angels, I think. He doesn't hate aunty Jie Er and Becky anymore" Blaze explained, as he glanced at Lin who seemed to be keeping her distance from them.

"Oh, don't mind her. She seems to have a thing against birds" Rin said wryly.

"I have a <em>thing </em>against Quetzals" Lin clarified.

"Remember Claudis? She still can't fly" she continued.

"That was an angel killer, Linnie"

"I don't see the difference!"

"Sigh. Anyway, lets go over to that table. I'll show you the basics of taming. I am the puokai expert, anyway. Lin's a dog lover" Rin said, leading them to the garden table. Puokai were large eagle like birds that were used by the angels for scouting and hunting for food.

Blaze set Sky on the table and the group gathered around him.

Rin reached a hand out to the bird, and he immediately tried to snap at her fingers. Rin nimbly popped a round pellet into his mouth.

Sky tried to push the pellet out until he felt the taste. He blinked for a moment before he started rolling it around, savoring the flavor.

"My special recipe. My birds love them. Especially, Ahren" Rin explained.

"Ahren?"

"She's my main flyer. Smartest out of the six puokai I am training"

Rin tried reaching for his head again, but Sky swallowed the pellet and snapped his beak at her.

Rin procured another pellet and dangled it temptingly. Sky quietened down and watched warily, making no move for the treat.

"I guess you're not that easy huh, little guy?" Rin sighed, but she only seemed to become more motivated by Sky's reluctance.

For the next twenty minutes, Rin tried to get the bird to let her touch him, constantly coaxing him with treats. Finally, Sky relented and let her pet him on his head for a short moment before he snatched the treat with his beak and scampered back into Blaze's arms.

"Well, for a Quetzal, she is extremely friendly. If all Quetzals were as sociable as her, we would've have had an army of <em>demon </em>killers" Rin sighed, looking longingly at Sky. No bird had ever resisted her guiles as much.

"Rin, have you noticed the color of its plumage?" Lin suddenly asked.

"yeah..."

"What's wrong?" Blaze asked.

"Quetzals usually have darker feathers. This one's color seems too light. But it's possible that they will darken as she grows" Rin postured.

"Or maybe, she is an angelic Quetzal!" Rebecca proclaimed.

"Haha. Maybe Rhea has bestowed us with our own Quetzal. Either way, I can't wait to see our very own Quetzal knight" Rin laughed. Rhea was the mother goddess of Azra-El. She was credited to be the mother of all life and the one to bestow world energies to all living beings.

Blaze smiled as he pictured himself riding a huge sky-blue quetzal. "How big will he get?"

"Pretty big. At least twice the size of a Xenodon. Obviously, not as heavy though. I hear you fought against one. That was quite a brave thing to do" Rin replied.

Over the next hour or so, Rin and Lin taught Blaze the basics of taming as they worked around a reluctant Sky.

"Remember not to pamper her too much. The key is to be consistent with reward and punishment. Also, make sure to be the dominant one in your relationship. I won't be able to help over the next month, but after that I will make sure to visit whenever I can. I can't miss out on training the angels' first Quetzal. I still can't believe how tame she is" Rin finished excitedly. Sky had begrudgingly allowed her to hold him.

"Do you think we should report her to someone higher up?" Rebecca finally asked their opinion on the issue.

"Not unless you want her to be taken away. Despite my dislike towards Quetzals, I don't see how raising her by ourselves is a bad thing. Blaze is a talented young angel and since the bird has already bonded with him, its best to let them grow together" Lin said from the side.

"That settles everything then. Ready for a dip in the pool?" Rebecca replied with a glint in her eye.

***

Blaze and Rebecca let the twins enjoy the hot spring in peace, as the Quetzal paddled around in joy. They had found within the first couple of days that the bird loved water.

The twins were initially surprised by Blaze's member, but they easily accepted it as an <em>unnatural </em>quirk.

Blaze sat in the water beside Rebecca and silently admired the view. The twins were similarly built. Small and cute breasts, bony hips and perky butts. However, Rin had a slim soft body while Lin was more toned with sinewy legs. It seemed like she enjoyed running with her dogs.

"Have the two of you had enough of the pool? We have a special treat planned for you. Consider it a gift for helping us with Sky" Rebecca said after an hour of reveling in the water. They had been in the water long enough for the skin on their fingers and toes to start wrinkling.

"Treat?" the twins asked in sync.

"It's a special kind of massage that Blaze invented. It's quite pleasurable. You wanna try it?" Rebecca replied mysteriously.

"You want to give us a massage?" Lin asked puzzled.

"Yeah, but everyone is an active participant. We'll show you if you agree"

"Sure. What do we do?" Rin agreed for both.

"Well let's dry ourselves and head to my bedroom. It should be more comfortable" Blaze responded. Hot spring sex had slowly lost its novelty.

"Let's go then!" Rin replied getting up.

Rin had lean thighs and her thigh gap was wide. As she stood up, the water dribbled down her body and rolled of her thin slit drop by drop as Blaze watched in fascination.

"I am guessing she's your pick?" Rebecca murmured from his side.

Blaze nodded without averting his gaze, as Rin slowly climbed out of the water perking her butt towards him. Her slit slightly opened as she heaved herself up. The long foray in the water loosened her muscles and made her feel heavy.

Lin gave Blaze a dubious look before following her sister. Blaze watched her too, but his choice was made.

"We don't need our clothes" Rebecca said, after the group dried themselves. Lin had reached for her space ring to bring out her clothing.

Blaze who had been <em>helping</em> Rin, took her hand and lead them into Rebecca's bed room.

"Your room is cleaner than I imagined, lieutenant" Lin commented, once they stepped inside. Blaze had helped Rebecca with organizing her room. The sheets were new and plush pillows were arranged neatly at the head. A faint lavender fragrance permeated the room, titillating their olfactory senses.

Blaze was about to give his usual spiel before sex, but Rebecca just grabbed Lin's hand and led her to the bed. She sat down on the edge and pulled her towards herself.

"What the..." Lin cried as she fell on her. Rebecca grabbed her butt and pulled her onto her lap.

"Rebecca?" she questioned softly as she looked into her lieutenants' fervent eyes. She was a good six inches shorter than Rebecca and though she sat on her lap her eyes were level with her.

Rebecca gently wrapped her arms around Lin's waist and pulled her close, making her straddle her thighs.

"Just know that you can stop whenever you wish to. You know I will never hold you against it" Rebecca said gently. She never understood why Blaze was so particular about explaining himself over something that was so enjoyable, but she realized that she was in a position of power and that she could unwittingly coerce Lin into doing something she didn't want to.

Lin gave her a confused nod. She wanted to ask her more, but she suddenly found a pair of soft lips on her own.

Lin's eyes widened in surprise as Rebecca took her lower lip between hers and started gently caressing it with her wet tongue. She felt a tingle down her spine as Rebecca's long fingers traversed along her back and butt.

Their breasts pillowed against each other and their stomachs touched as Rebecca gently pulled Lin into herself.

Blaze slowly inched towards a perplexed and curious Rin. He reached a hand to her perky butt and cupped her left cheek along the crease. Rin looked down to him, but he only gave her an innocent smile. Rin gave herself a mental shrug and turned back to the other two, as Blaze slowly caressed her butt. <em>Maybe it was a part of the massage.</em>

Rebecca slowly increased the intensity of the kiss as Lin got used to the idea. She pushed her tongue against her lips and gently pried them apart, coercing her way into her mouth. She traced her tongue along her smooth pearly teeth and tapped against them, asking for access.

Lin gradually let her in and soon met her with her own tongue. They tasted each other as their mushy organs collided fleetingly like two butterflies. They pulled apart and savored the flavor for a moment before they collided with much more vigor.

Rin felt an unfamiliar heat rise in her cheeks as she watched the two angels kiss each other, tenderly at first but with increasing voracity.

Blaze took her hand and gave her a questioning look. She responded by a shy smile. Blaze led her to bed and sat down a foot or so away from Rebecca. Rin gave him an unsure look. <em>Should she be sitting on the younger angel?</em>

Blaze did not give her time to ponder the question and gently pulled her in.

She climbed up and straddled his hips. She could feel his strange member poking against her stomach as she looked down into Blaze's eyes. She was a short angel, but she still towered over him.

She leaned down toward his lips, trying to emulate the other two. However, Blaze craned his neck and planted a quick peck on her lips before pulling her closer. Her slit climbed up his thighs and pressed against his erect member as he dove for her breasts.

Rin let out a shrill giggle as she felt Blaze's tongue flit across her perky nipples. But tickling her senses was not what Blaze had in mind. He grasped her butt cheeks tightly and pulled her into himself, as he enclosed his mouth over her left breast and swirled his tongue hungrily over her areola.

Rin intuitively arched back, pushing her hips against him as her slit slid over his penis.

"Mmmh Aaah" she let out a slight moan as Blaze nipped her nipple gently, while moving his hands greedily across her back.

Hearing Rin's moan, the other duo paused to look. Rin's head was tilted up and her eyes were closed to experience the pleasure as Blaze gorged on her breasts.

Not to be out done by Blaze, Rebecca increased the intensity of her ministrations. She pulled the angel close and started showering her neck and face with kisses as she grinded her body against hers. Her hefty breasts squished into Lin's smaller ones as their nipples and areolae chafed against each other.

Unsure of how to respond and overwhelmed by the increasing pleasure, Lin wrapped her hands around Rebecca's neck and surrendered her body.

Suddenly, Lin found herself being turned over and laid on the bed. Rebecca crawled to her side and slid a hand down her elastic stomach to her pink slit. She looked in to her shy green eyes and reached for her breast with her mouth.

Meanwhile, Rin started moaning as she started feverishly rubbing herself against Blaze's penis. She did not know what she was doing, but her body seemed to be intuitively responding to Blaze's attentions.

Blaze could feel her lower lips spread apart over the length of his penis as she heavily grinded against it. He silently kept working on her breasts as he reached a finger to her puckered hole. He titillated it lightly for a while before pushing it.

"Ooh" Rin gasped.

She grabbed his head and hugged him tightly against her breasts as her walls clenched tightly around his finger. Her body felt hot and she felt a terrible need in the pit of her stomach.

Blaze could clearly hear the pounding of her heart and the hotness of her breath as she panted while crudely jutting her hips against his.

"Eeeeehhh" he heard a sudden shriek of ecstasy just as he thought of moving things along.

He turned to the other two, to see Lin spasming with raised hips and cumming all over Rebecca's fingers as she rubbed them over Lin's lower lips. She clung onto Rebecca's neck and her eyes displayed a complex mix of intense emotions; pleasure, confusion and a craving for more.

"I win" Rebecca grinned smugly at Blaze, once Lin stopped coming.

"Hey! You started first. And, it's not over yet" Blaze replied turning Rin over and laying her beside Lin, surprising her with his strength.

Rebecca scooted to the other side. She wanted to give Lin sometime to recover and wanted to watch a master at work.

Blaze grabbed Rin's thighs and pushed her up towards the head of the bed. He leaned into her slick slit and went to work with it. He flicked her engorged clit with his rough thumb as he entered her with his tongue. Her insides were slimy and accepting, despite the tightness of her walls. She tasted of peaches.

Rin felt strange about a foreign object entering a depth of her body that had never been explored. However, she loved the feeling. Blaze's tongue helped satisfy the strange emptiness within the pit of her stomach and she wanted more.

As Rin moaned under Blaze's repeated expeditions into her interiors, Rebecca noticed his lonely engorged dick that seemed to be bursting out of his foreskin. She decided she needed to do something about it.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
She got up and moved behind Blaze. She thought of giving him a hand job but immediately decided on a better option. She spread his legs apart and got underneath him as she curled backwards against the edge of the bed. She circled his hips with her hands and took his penis into her mouth.

Lin watched in fascination as three tangled bodies titillated one and another. Soon the visceral heat that she had previously felt earlier returned. She observed Blaze's methods for a few moments before deciding to replicate them on Rebecca.

Rebecca raised her feet to the edge of the bed and spread her knees apart as she saw Lin position herself in front of her legs. Seeing the inviting gesture, Lin plunged her mouth into her beautiful lower lips.

Rin did not even notice the chain foursome as she closed her eyes and moaned into her hand. Soon, the pleasure enveloping her body reached a peak and suddenly the dam burst. She shrieked and shuddered as she came while Blaze kept sucking through her orgasm.

"What about you two?" Lin asked after Rin stopped spasming.

"We need a little more" Rebecca replied, eyeing Blaze's pompous cock.

"You don't mean..." Lin sucked in with wide eyes.

Blaze and Rebecca replied with their actions.

Blaze got up and lay on the pillow beside Rin. Rebecca did not need any more invitation as she crawled up to him and straddled his hips. She took his member in her hand, positioned it against her hungry hole and deftly slid it in.

The twins gasped as the organ speared their lieutenant without harming her.

Blaze reached out a hand to Rin's right breast as Rebecca placed her hands on his stomach and started bouncing over him.

After a moment, he noticed Lin looking clueless and signaled her to come over. She gave slight grin and crept up to his left. Blaze immediately wrapped his hand around her back and scooped her in, eliciting a surprised squeal. He took her soft breast into his mouth and started sucking on it.

The twins watched the connection between Rebecca and Blaze in a daze as he fondled their breasts. They were amazed by the sight of Rebecca's narrow opening give way for his hefty pole as her lips stretched each time to gobble it up.

Soon Rebecca's pants turned into short frequent moans as her pale face turned red from a mixture of exertion and pleasure. Finally, she let out a loud moan and came. Blaze felt the contractions of her walls around him as she flooded him with her warmth. He almost couldn't resist bursting into her. However, he willed himself against it. He still had two more angels to please.

Tired and satisfied, Rebecca fell back against his legs as his dick came out of her with a pop. Blaze took a moment to let his excitement bubble down, before deciding to propose to the other two.

"I want that!" Lin exclaimed breathily, before Blaze could mention it.

"Lin..." Rin muttered. It wasn't an expression of doubt or hesitation. She was just amazed by how easily Rin had asked for it. It felt so unnatural but also so right. She wanted it too.

Blaze gave Lin a questioning look and she nodded with conviction.

Rebecca got off him and gave him a grin as he took the short haired twin in his arms and lay her on the bed. Looking at her nervous eyes, he leaned in and gave her a long soothing kiss on her lips. The tenderness Lin felt through the smooch calmed her down. By the time he pulled apart, her boyishness returned to her eyes.

Seeing her newfound confidence, Blaze slowly made his way along her body, throwing frequent pecks and savoring her taut skin. When he reached her pink slit, he felt it to be damp, but it was not enough. He immediately got to work on moisturizing it.

Once she was ready, he got up and grasped her toned thighs, positioning himself between her legs.

Rin and Rebecca watched with avid interest as he slid his cock to and fro along her wet slit. Lin bit her lower lip each time Blaze teased her with penetration by spreading her with his tip. Despite the tautness of the rest of her body, her lips were soft and squishy.

Finally, Blaze lined up against the chasm of her entrance. He felt the pressure of her hole for a moment before he pushed in.

"Mmmuhh" Lin arched a little as his tip entered her. She could feel him spreading her apart and her walls fiercely resisting him, but the heat inside her made her want more. She wanted the whole thing buried deep inside her.

Blaze took his time as usual, as he made his way through her constricting walls. Although it was quite important, it wasn't all about not hurting the angel and making her feel good. He liked to slowly relish the feeling. It was like eating a rare delicacy. You taste more by eating in small bites.

Blaze felt her barrier when he was a little over an inch inside her. However, after a little resistance it just stretched and made way for him. Knowing that he was through the tough part, he sped up a little and slowly buried the entirety of his length inside her.

When Blaze's groin touched Lin's, Rin let out the breath she had been holding in and Lin gazed at their connection with an intense awe. She felt so wonderful and so full that she just wanted to gobble up Blaze's strange member with her lower lips.

Blaze placed his hands on either side of Lin and leaned forward. Looking into her glazed green eyes, he slowly raised his hips, slowly retreating his member as Lin opened her mouth in a silent gasp.

"Mmmmhh" she groaned as Blaze pushed in with a fluid motion of his hips and body. Her body arched up and their stomachs touched.

Liking her reaction, Blaze repeated. He got a similar if not a more vigorous response. So slowly, he started building his momentum as both learned to move in sync with each other's bodies.

Rebecca watched along with Rin for a while before deciding she wanted more.

"Lie down beside her" she whispered in Rin's ear.

"You have it too?" Rin suddenly gasped.

"Have what? ... oh, of course not. Do you see anything dangling from my vagina?" Rebecca laughed.

"Eh. Sorry" Rin replied before complying with her order. She was a little muddleheaded from everything she had just experienced and the overwhelming emotions she was currently feeling.

Rebecca smirked at her scout's befuddlement, as she slowly crawled up to her. She climbed on top of her and gave her a gentle peck on her lips before she turned around on her lithe body.

She settled down over the smaller angel's body with her callipygian butt facing Rin's face. She laid down her mighty breasts on her stomach as she felt Rin's soft mounds press against her own.

She grabbed her legs by her knees and raised them up before diving in between her thighs. Rebecca tasted her peachy juice almost instantly. She was already wet from the spectacle. Sniggering to herself, Rebecca started licking and sucking on her.

Faced with a looming butt and the wet lips of Rebecca's vagina, even a muddled Rin knew what to do. She grabbed her springy butt cheeks and started pleasuring her.

Meanwhile, Blaze and Rin's movements had intensified dramatically. He now had his arms wrapped around her shoulders as he vigorously pumped into her. Lin's groans slowly turned into shrieks and whimpers of pleasure.

Blaze felt his pleasure peaking as the heat rose up in his head and he started feeling like he could burst at any moment. He also sensed that Lin was at a tipping point and she could climax any second.

"Rin! Do you want it as well?" he gasped, pausing his thrusts for a moment. Lin looked at him confused. <em>Was he going to stop? </em>She needed just a little more.

"Huh? What?" Rin asked lowering her head from Rebecca's pussy.

"Do you want to try my thing as well? If I cum with Lin, it will take some time before I am ready again" Blaze explained.

Rin bit her lip and looked at her sister, who smiled and nodded encouragingly. Rin saw the ecstasy in her face and knew she had to try it. She nodded.

"Ok!" Blaze replied and re started his thrusts into Lin, while trying to think about the weight optimization problem he was trying to solve for wings. He loved math but there was no way he was going to cum for it.

"Ahh Ahh Ohhf" Lin moaned as Blaze pumped her.

<em>Wait Oohf? That's right, I should try to lower OF values. </em>A thought suddenly struck Blaze. He shoved into Lin with a little more force at the realization.

"Eeeehhhh" Lin screamed and trembled as she flooded her warmth all over his penis and balls.

The wetness brought his mind back as he felt Lin spasming underneath him. He almost came along with her.

Lin came for a full minute before her spasms stopped. Her body went limp with satiation and tiredness. Her eyes glazed over as she let go of Blaze's hair, which she had been holding in a tight grasp.

Rebecca and Rin had stopped their actions when they heard Lin coming so emphatically.

"Can you still go on?" Rebecca turned to Blaze and asked him.

"Of course. Turn her over" he told her with a smirk.

Rebecca grinned at him and turned the lighter angel over with swift smooth motion. Rin yelped in surprise as she suddenly found her position with Rebecca reversed.

"I guess I am going to get a front row view" Rebecca commented snidely, as Blaze positioned himself at her head and Rin's butt.

"I know you want it" Blaze retorted back.

The jumble of limbs and bodies wrapped together so sensuously took away any lingering thoughts of math. More blood rushed into his member.

Blaze scooted close to Rin's narrow pink slit and placed his tip against her now gaping hole. Rebecca's ministrations had loosened her up quite considerably.

Just like he had done with Lin, he started pushing his way into her. Surprisingly, she was tighter than her sister. Blaze reached her barrier and felt it fiercely resisting his entry. He tried soothing his way in like he did with Lin, but the shape and structure of Rin's barricade was different. He would have to break his way in.

Rin clearly sensed each bit of Blaze's member making its way within her walls. She felt her walls subconsciously tighten around him even though they wanted more of it. Suddenly, she felt the obstruction she did not know she had.

"Ouch!" she cried as Blaze suddenly shoved and buried his entirety with one motion, breaking through her membranous barrier.

Rin felt a prickling pain even as her arousal spiked with the presence of a hot rod inside of her.

"It will fade quickly" Lin heard Blaze say, as she started wondering why her sister didn't feel the pain.

Blaze waited for a bit, as he leered at Rin's back. Her tiny waist accentuated her butt and shoulders and he couldn't resist roving his hands all over her skin.

Trying not to move his penis inside of her, Blaze straddled her and leaned over her smooth and soft back. He brushed aside her long pink hair and started planting kisses on her.

Suddenly, Blaze felt a wet warmth over his balls. Rebecca had taken the chance to take them into her mouth. even though the gentle caress of Rebecca's tongue over his balls aroused him a great deal, he suddenly felt very vulnerable. He had never been tea bagged before.

"Hey!" he cried out, but Rebecca didn't respond. She simply started sucking on his balls.

Slowly, he got over his fear and reached his hands down and grabbed Rebecca's buttcheeks under Rin. He squeezed them hard.

"Ahh" Rebecca opened her mouth and Blaze took the opportunity to pull his balls out and started moving inside Rin.

Rebecca felt the weight of two people on top of her, but she didn't mind it. Instead, she observed Blaze steadily sliding in and out of Rin and tried to think of what to do.

Suddenly an idea struck her. She had never considered it, but Blaze had a hole too. She wet her index finger with her saliva and reached her hands up to grab Blaze's butt.

Blaze liked Rebecca groping his butt, but he suddenly felt a finger against his butthole.

"Hey!!" he shouted, shoving into Rin as he tried to get away from the offending finger.

"Mmmmuhh" Rin screamed as Rebecca managed to push her fingertip into Blaze.

"Aunt Becky! Stop! I don't like it!" Blaze said out loudly and stiffly.

Rebecca considered it for a moment and decided not to push it further.

However, she did not remove her finger either. She started lightly fiddling around at the entrance. Her own body liked it around that area and she decided that Blaze would too.

Blaze sighed. There was no good reason to make her stop beside being homophobic, and there was no threat against his masculinity in a world where he was the only male.

He simply grasped Rebecca's butt again and started his slow pumps into Rin.

As the pain faded, Rin turned her attention to Rebecca's vagina. Even though she was sandwiched between the two, she could still move her hands and mouth.

Soon, the three bodies were gyrating in sync with each other as each tried to pleasure the other.

Blaze fought hard to control himself as the pleasure kept threatening to burst. He pasted himself over Rin's back, held her the two angels firmly and grinded lustfully in Rin. Finally, Rin's butt stuttered against Blaze as her vaginal walls clenched around his member and flooded him with her warmth.

Blaze let go and burst inside her. Rebecca craned her head and took his balls in her mouth, feeling their slight tremors as they supplied jets of semen to be coated on Rin's insides.

Rin felt heavenly as her body screamed with pleasure and Blaze's hot fluids hit her cervix. She wasn't sure, but she had an inkling that Blaze had saved his essence for her. She felt a little bad for her twin and decided to let her have it the next day. They were going to come back.

"Can we do this again tomorrow?" Lin asked Blaze after he finished Rebecca with his fingers. He wasn't the one to let anyone go with wanting more.

"Why do you think we invited you to come over for two days? Jie Er is planning a big dinner and you two are invited" Rebecca replied weakly.

Lin gave her a grin while Rin nodded in anticipation.

"Here you go Blaze. These should last for at least a month. Make sure you don't pamper Sky too much. Only reward her when she does something you want. I will make more when we are at the Ridge. We should have plenty of free time when we are not doing drills" Rin said, giving Blaze a satchel of treats for Sky as they got ready to head out. They had other plans for the day and they had not expected to stay as long as they did.

"Thank you, Rin"

***

The twins showed up late in the afternoon, the next day. They worked their magic on Sky for a while before the four of them began their revelry. By the time Jie Er returned that evening, the four of them were completely spent and were lying naked in the garden.

"We apologize for the state of our undress, Min Lokra" the twins replied, hastily donning their clothes.

"It's alright. I am not really surprised. Just call me Jie Er. Anyone willing to help me with the cooking?" Jie Er replied with a wry grin.

The five angels cooked a scrumptious dinner and had a fun evening. Rin and Lin stayed for the night, deciding to leave together with Rebecca the next morning.

"I will miss you Blaze Er. Don't give Jie Er too much trouble while I am gone" Rebecca said giving Blaze a hug the next day. The three army angels were set to go off to their camp.

"I'd be more likely to give her trouble with you around" Blaze grinned back. He knew he was going to miss Rebecca.

"Take care, Becky. I am glad you aren't going off to the border. Come back safely" Jie Er also hugged Rebecca. It wasn't just Blaze who had gotten close to Rebecca. Jie Er hadn't made too many close friends after moving to Varan and Rebecca was filling that void quite well.

Rebecca suddenly held Jie Er's face and gave her a vigorous kiss on the mouth. Although she was initially taken back, Jie Er returned the kiss with equal emotion. Blaze suddenly felt lonely as an image of Elyssa flashed in his mind.

The three army angels soon bade their goodbyes and took off for their assignment.

***

Jie Er flew Blaze to Varan the next morning. Blaze had become proficient enough to make the trip on his own but Jie Er decided to tag along since it was a Saturday.

On his way to the library, Blaze looked around the town for angels his size, but he only saw kids who seemed both mentally and physically younger than him. They stopped by Agatha's place to say hello and to Blaze's relief she was finally back.

Agatha's timing couldn't have been any more impeccable for Blaze. He had been wondering about what to do when Rebecca was not around. He started considering making a move on the reticent librarian but with Agatha around that no longer seemed necessary.

"Where have you been Aunt Aggie?" Blaze asked after she welcomed them in.

"Umm. I was visiting my sister at Puhar. Sorry 'bout not telling you, little Blaze. It was a sudden trip" Agatha replied, seeming a little uncomfortable.

"I didn't know you had a sister at Puhar. Is everything alright?" Jie Er asked.

"Yeah. A family matter came up. We aren't really close. I did work on something for you at Puhar, Blaze" Agatha replied curtly, pulling out a blue top from her space ring

Blaze took it and gave it a look. It was a simple tight-fitting t-shirt with a flowery design on the front, but Blaze was jubilant. He finally had something that wasn't a half tank top.

"Thanks Aunt Aggie"

"How much for it, Agatha?" Jie Er asked with a smile.

"Oh no. It's a gift. Blaze and I have gotten quite close. I don't know why, but she kept asking for longer tops. It's a tight fit so I don't think you should have any complaints either, Jie Er"

"Haha. I didn't realize Blaze has been frequenting you"

"Yeah, we always have lunch together. I love her company" Agatha replied taking Blaze into her arms.

The three of them talked for a while before deciding to meet up for dinner.

Blaze spent the rest of the day at the library. He had picked up a couple of new books on techniques based on heavier wings and a book on Azra-El war tactics. The brewing tensions at the border had piqued his interest on how the angels fought their wars.

One of the aspects that took Blaze by surprise was the existence of ground warfare. Since both angels and demons were proficient at flying, Blaze hadn't expected any fighting on the ground. However, the existences of cannons and anti-air guns made it necessary to include land battles. There were also airships with guns, but the heavier cavalry was land based and thus occupying key areas was very important in any battle.

Another interesting topic was air cavalry. Angels mostly used pegasi and pegasi drawn chariots. But the demons had Quetzals, which made a huge difference in the strength of their cavalry. The only way the angels could match the Quetzal corps was through the strength of their numbers. Blaze suddenly envisioned himself riding into battles with a heavily armored Sky.

After a couple of hours, Jie Er came to pick him up for lunch. They had a light meal at a diner where she asked him if he would be interested to go to the fair/exhibition that was visiting the town. Since he didn't have anything better to do he decided to tag along.

The fair was at the town center with various stalls scattered haphazardly in every nook and cranny that was available. There was wide variety of goods and a lot of unique doodads that piqued Blaze's interest.

"The fair wasn't supposed to be here until the next month. They must've changed their schedule because of the war brewing at the border" Jie Er explained as she bee-lined for a clothing store.

"War? I thought they were just minor skirmishes" Blaze questioned.

"For now. But I don't see why the demons would gather such a large army without reason. I am sure they are planning for something bigger"

"You can explore by yourself, if you want" Jie Er said after a while, noticing Blaze's look of boredom as she skipped along the various clothing stalls.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Can I? Thanks, Aunty. I think that'd look great on you by the way" Blaze replied excitedly. He had noticed her eying an oriental looking outfit. It was a green cheongsam that was quite short and had two vast cuts at the cleavage and the back.

"Oh! I was thinking of getting it for you" Jie Er joked.

"Bye!" Blaze scampered away in a hurry as Jie Er laughed at his retreating back. After he disappeared, she glanced back at the dress. It brought back memories and mixed emotions.

Blaze wandered around the fair. He came across a technique book, 'Power Fighting &amp; Body enhancement' and immediately bought it. He still had the money Jie Er had given him at Cali.

As he walked along, he came across a bunch of stalls that seemed a lot more professional than the others. They had no merchandize but were occupied by one or two angels with posters and pamphlets.

'Tir Academy -- Learning for the sake of learning'

Blaze immediately recognized the name on the banner of the first stall. It was the academy he was supposed to attend with Elyssa.

'Saras School -- In search of the ultimate truth'

'Sia Academy -- Sow Knowledge, Reap Wisdom'

A series of academies seemed to have set up booths to attract young angels.

"Hello, young one. Will you be coming of age soon? Are you interested in Tir?" the older of the two angels at Tir's booth asked him as he approached. The brunette angel was wearing a light pink lace gown and seemed like she may be a teacher at Tir.

"Yes. What can you tell me about Tir?" Blaze asked politely. He hadn't really done any research on the school. Ely was going there and that was the only reason he needed.

The teacher seemed a bit surprised, but the younger angel who had been eying Blaze's clothing with a reproachful look, answered in her stead. She was wearing a spider netted black and white corset that looked quite posh.

"You don't know about Tir? It's the best academy among the central nations. Even Elyssa Marigold goes to our school!" she replied pridefully, displaying even more contempt for Blaze.

Blaze was taken aback. No one had been rude to him since he had arrived in this world. It led him to believe that the angels were truly angelic to some extent.

"Modesty, Priscila" the older angel said without any admonishment towards her attitude.

"Dear girl" she continued turning to Blaze. "Our academy has a rich heritage and history. We produce some of the finest angels in the country. Three out of the five devas of Aranya have graduated from our school. Admission criteria are very strict. We not only measure strength but also aptitude and intelligence. The tuition is also high. I suggest you aim for other schools. However, it's good to be curious" the teacher replied with a disingenuous smile.

Blaze was astounded. He had seen the way some people treat the less fortunate on Earth, but he had not expected the same from the angels. Especially since they so extolled virtuousness.

He simply shook his head and walked away. Maybe it was just those two or maybe it was because he had always been around Jie Er and Rebecca. People may have attributed his clothing to his quirk rather than his status.

The angels from the other booths weren't as snobby as Tir's but Blaze noticed a trend. The richer schools seemed to give him more of an attitude than the others.

After meeting the representatives from six schools, Blaze walked out of the area with a growing disenchantment for the angels. But before he could ponder over what he had experienced, he saw a larger booth to the left of academies' area.

'The Young Malakim Society: Purity is Beauty. Beauty is Healing. Healing is Mercy'

The motto itself set of warning bells in Blaze's mind but he still decided to give it a shot. After being pampered by the angels around him, he needed a dash of reality.

He was greeted by a tall and beautiful blonde, wearing a loose and revealing grey silken chiton. Her breasts were covered with two golden plates that made them sag in a sensuous way. The cloth shifted and revealed her long naked legs as she walked to him with swaying hips.

"What do you need, child?" she asked him with a smile. He may have imagined it but the smiled seemed forged. Maybe it was the effect of meeting the academy reps.

"I was just curious about your society. Can you tell me about it?" he asked, trying to sound cute and innocent.

"How old are you, child?" she asked, giving him an appraising look.

"umm... nineteen. I will be twenty in a couple of months"

"Come back when you sprout your wings, little one" the angel replied, her smile never ceasing.

"I already have them" he replied.

"You do? At nineteen? Can you show them?" she asked a little more eager.

Blaze manifested his wings but only made a them a few inches long. He didn't want to cause too much of a ruckus.

"Oh My! They are so white. You are young too. You will be a strong angel" the angel gasped. Blaze had only manifested the white part. It wasn't intentional and happened while trying to make only a portion of his wings manifest.

"Yeah. Everyone says that!" he replied, trying to display pride.

"You must join our society child. We need talented young angels just like you. Do you know about the Malakim? Let me tell you about them..." the angel started excitedly and went on a rant about the Malakim and the nature of the society.

Malakim were a group of angels who strived towards purity. The measure of this purity was the color of their wings. The brighter the color, the purer the angel was. Pure white was the premier. The Malakim believed that purity was attained by being merciful, kind and having purity of thought.

It all seemed fine until Blaze heard about their ideas on segregation and how they should treat 'impure' angels, which not only included criminals but also those with slightly darker colored wings.

"How do you have pure thoughts if are so cruel to 'impure' angels?" Blaze asked, still trying to sound childish.

"Very good question, little one. You are smart. That's why we have the grey ones like us. We take care of all the bad things that need to be dealt with. The pure ones like you need to focus on being perfect and spread that perfection to lesser angels. You shall be the idols of our society" she replied with fervor.

"But I don't want you to be impure for my sake" Blaze replied wryly.

"That's exactly what a pure angel like you should think!"

"What are you doing here!?" Blaze suddenly heard Jie Er's half-scream from behind.

"Nothing, I was just curious"

"Are you her mother?" the grey one asked Jie Er, who nodded in reply.

"You should join our society! You must be a pure one too, to give birth to such a pure angel. Even if you are not, you can be a grey one" she said fervently.

"I am sorry. She is a little young. Maybe in the future. Come, Blaze Er, we need to hurry or we will be late" Jie Er said forcedly, giving out a hand to Blaze.

Seeing the urgency in her voice, Blaze took her hand as she hastily led him away from the booth.

"Your child has a bright future among the Malakim. She can bring glory to you and Azra-El" the grey one shouted at their retreating forms.

"Blaze Er... I don't want to tell you about how to lead your life, but you shouldn't even think of join the Malakim. Their speeches may sound nice but..." Jie Er started softly, once they put some distance from the booth.

"I know, aunty. They are hypocrites. I was just curious. Don't worry, I am not going to join some strange society without taking your opinion"

Jie Er face sprouted a brilliant smile at his words.

"Aunty Jie Er?" he said after a moment.

"Yes?"

"I love you. Thank you for everything you've done for me" he replied honestly.

A 'perfect' person in an imperfect world was incomparably better than a perfect person in a perfect world. Jie Er, at least to Blaze, was very close to being a perfect person.

Jie Er's eyes clouded as she pulled him into a tight hug.

"I love you too, dear"

Blaze simply wrapped his arms around her as he considered his earlier opinions about the demons. The idea that the demons were not completely evil seemed a lot more tenable once he confirmed that the angels were not so virtuous.

***

"Tell me about all the factions and societies, aunty. Are all of them like the Malakim?" Blaze asked Jie Er, as they had dinner with Agatha. They were having something similar to noodle soup bowls, which was considered foreign to the kingdom of Aranya. Blaze was reminded of ramen, but the noodles were thicker and did not seem to be made out of wheat.

"Oh? What happened?" Agatha asked from the side.

"We went to the fair and a grey one tried to recruit Blaze as a pure one" Jie Er replied.

Agatha suddenly burst out laughing.

"What's so funny?" Blaze asked.

"Haha. I am sorry Blaze. I think you'd make a good addition to the Malakim. Maybe, you could finally set them on the right path" Agatha said humorously.

"Stop joking, Agatha. I don't want her to get the wrong ideas. Blaze Er, the angel society is divided into nine classes. Some are born into them and others are taken in. That's why they are often referred to as societies. Each society exalts a certain virtue and base their view of the world through the lens of that virtue. There are many minor societies but the nine are the ones you need to know about..." Jie Er started telling him about the various factions in the Heavenly Union.

The nine societies and the virtues they extolled were

<ol type="1">

<li>

Ophanim -- Wisdom

</li>

<li>

Erelim -- Courage

</li>

<li>

Seraphim -- Justice

</li>

<li>

Chayot -- Enlightenment

</li>

<li>

Hashmallim -- Love (including kindness and grace)

</li>

<li>

Malakim -- Beauty (including mercy and healing)

</li>

<li>

Elohim -- Valor

</li>

</ol>

The last two were more informal and comprised of civil servants and the common folk.

<ol start="8" type="1">

<li>

Cherubim -- Service (civil servants)

</li>

<li>

Ishim -- Follow (common angels)

</li>

</ol>

According to Jie Er, the Seraphim and the Malakim had the most following and the most influence. They were also the most hypocritical and corrupt of all the societies.

However, none of the other societies were much better. Although all of them started out as beneficent societies but over the millennia, they had slowly become narrow minded and self-serving.

"But Elyssa's mother is in the Ophanim" Blaze questioned.

"It's pretty much a requirement for the nobility to belong to one society or another. They would start losing power if they don't have some backing in the societies" Agatha replied in Jie Er's stead.

"Duchess Marigold may have many reasons for being in a society, Blaze Er. She is a powerful and an influential angel. I cannot comment on her decisions Blaze Er. All I know is that she is kinds and that is enough for me. I think it is the same with the societies. They aren't completely evil like the demons and you don't have to belong to one to possess a virtue. You can be the best among the angels without ever joining a society. But if you ever decide to join one, give it careful consideration before pledging yourself to it. It may be easy for a duchess to shift allegiances, but it won't be the same for you, unless you are powerful yourself." Jie Er continued.

"Have you ever been in a society, aunty?"

"When I was younger and more naÃ¯ve. However, I am no longer a member"

"Which one?"

"I'd rather not talk about it, Blaze Er"

"What do the Malakim mean by the pure ones, aunty? Is it just the color of their wings? Isn't the color just random at birth?" Blaze asked after a while.

"Yes and no, Blaze. We can't control the color of an angel's wings. However, some believe that the color is dependent on the best virtue an angel possesses at the time of manifestation. The brightness of the wings indicates the quality of that virtue. So, an angel with bright red wings, like Rebecca, is believed to possess inexorable courage. But the theory is quite disputable. There are many instances where an angel who is supposed to have one virtue either doesn't display that virtue or displays some other virtue"

"What about white?"

"Well white is supposed to encompass all the seven virtues. That's why angels adore the color"

Blaze smiled knowingly at Jie Er. She had perfectly white wings. Did that mean she had all virtues? He wouldn't be too surprised if she did, but his wings were mostly white as well, which made him feel that the theory was most likely bogus. He had never considered himself virtuous. He didn't even care about the word.

"Why are the grey ones called that?" he asked after a moment of contemplation.

"They are corrupted" Agatha said nonchalantly.

"Corrupted?"

"Agatha! Don't call them that" Jie Er exclaimed.

"Don't be a prude, Jie Er. They call themselves that" Agatha replied offhandedly.

"Sigh. But there are other tainted angels who become like them through no fault of their own"

"umm, guys? What are you talking about?" Blaze interjected.

"Well, when an angel starts doing misdeeds their wings become discolored with the color of their sin. The grey ones are the tainted angels of the Malakim. You can't maintain such a large organization without committing some sins. So, the grey ones take up the mantle to protect the pure ones from impurities. They become tainted on behalf of the pure ones. That's why I think the whole idea is so hypocritical" Jie Er elaborated.

"So, your wings slowly become tainted if you do bad things?"

"That's the idea, but again there is no concrete proof. No one is sure if it the misdeeds themselves that taint the wings or the guilt that does it"

<em>Hmm. Will my wings be tainted because of my lust? I have been lustful since I hatched, so I should've had tainted wings from the get go. It would make sense if wings are tainted from guilt, since I don't wait feel any guilt about sex. But, that doesn't seem right either. Wait, Jie Er's second pair of wings! They have greyish spots. Are they tainted? It can't be...</em>

Blaze spent the rest of the evening in the company of the two older angels, as he contemplated over his newly gained knowledge.

***

The next couple of weeks flew by as the days kept getting warmer. Mid-Year, also the name of the mid-month, came to an end and summer was beginning to set in.

Once his new room had been finished, Blaze had insisted on sleeping by himself. Jie Er had accepted it without much protest. And since he had Agatha, he had also tried to curtail his oral sessions with Jie Er.

On the first Saturday of Sun's Height (July), Blaze stepped out of his room to find Jie Er facing the kitchen counter and stretching her body with her arms over her head.

The view he was presented with that morning was not something he had been expecting. Jie Er was a wearing a v-string and a simple white half tank top. Her beautiful and bountiful butt perked up as she stood tip toe to stretch herself.

Blaze stared at her back slack jawed. The v-string left very little of her behind to Blaze's imagination. Although he had seen her naked enough times, he had never seen her dressed this way. She usually just wore shifts in the house.

"Mornin' Blaze Er" Jie Er turned around when she felt his presence.

"Mornin' Aunty..." Blaze muttered, noticing how short the top was as she continued to stretch.

Her lower boobs and cleavage were visible under the half-moon shaped cloth covering her breasts, and as she stretched, her areolae appeared, and her nipples threatened to pop out.

"What's with the getup?" Blaze asked, averting his eyes and walking to the table.

"It's summer. It's getting hot isn't it?" Jie Er replied cheerily.

"And the stretching?"

"We are gonna work on your stamina, today. I am going to take you on a flying marathon. Come here for a second, I need your help" she replied.

Blaze begrudgingly walked up to her. Jie Er placed a hand on his shoulder, grabbed her foot by the other and stretched by leaning forward and raising her foot up while Blaze gazed into her cavernous cleavage.

"The idea is to make you fly fifty yonders without touching the ground" she continued, switching to her other foot.

"Umm... I can't even fly a thousand feet without touching the ground" Blaze commented.

"I know. I will help you when you started losing lift" she replied, pulling out a mat from her space ring.

She placed the mat on the kitchen floor and lay down on her back. She placed her hands behind her shoulders and raised her body up in a half circle. Blaze was reminded of a yoga position from Earth.

Her tiny tank top fell back onto her face revealing her massive pale white breasts as they fell back under their weight.

Blaze's eyes traveled down her body and spotted the perfect camel toe forming on the thong. The <em>asana</em> had pulled the thong tight.

He wondered if Jie Er was doing it on purpose but knowing her he felt that it was unlikely.

Jie Er performed a few more asanas before she stood up. She turned away from Blaze and brought her feet close together. She leaned forward, brought her head to her knees and wrapped her arms around them.

The position split her butt cheeks apart and the string of the thong rode up her butt crack, partially covering her puckered hole and slightly revealing the bottom end of her slit. Blaze felt his member rise in his boyshorts.

"Help me stay me in position, Blaze Er" Jie Er asked from the folds of her top. It had once again fallen off her breasts, which were now mushed against her lower thighs.

"How'd I do that?" Blaze replied trying to look away.

"Just sit down and hold my head against my knees" Jie Er insisted.

Blaze sighed and complied. He knelt on the mat and wrapped his arms around her, with his head looking at her thighs. He refused to look up or down.

They stayed in the intimate position for a few moments before Jie Er had enough.

She sat back down on the mat and brought her feet together before raising them up. She then slowly split them apart and brought them down until they were about twenty degrees away from the ground. Blaze was amazed at how flexible she was.

"Push them down, Blaze Er" she asked him.

"Er.. what?"

"Push them down to the ground. Not too fast though"

Blaze sighed again. He placed his hands on her soft thighs and pushed down as he stared into camel toe in front of him. The narrow cloth covering her groin sank into the crevice as her legs spread apart, revealing her lower lips.

Blaze fought against the urge to push the cloth aside.

"Why do we need to do this if all we are going to do is fly?" he complained while trying to curb his budding desire.

"We don't. I am just a bit out of shape. I haven't been flying long distances or practicing my techniques recently. I just don't want to pull a muscle"

"How much more do you wanna stretch?"

"This is the last one. Unless, you wanna stretch too"

"NO!"

"Okay... I will teach you some other time then. Stretching is important before any exercise" Jie Er replied getting up.

They had a quick breakfast before they set out.

"Aren't you going to change?" Blaze asked her as they stepped out. She was still in her v-string and tank top.

"Meh. It's hot and we are mostly going to be gliding along" Jie Er replied, bringing out a pair of leather harnesses.

"What are those for?"

"Will help in keeping you afloat when you are tired" Jie Er explained, as she passed him one and put on the other.

"Help me with the back straps" she asked him.

Blaze helped fasten the belts on her back and at the back of her thighs. The harness made her top cling to her breasts and covetously enshrined them. The harness combined with the skimpy thong made it extremely stimulating for Blaze.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Jie Er helped Blaze put on the other harness before she attached a strong twenty feet long rope between their harnesses.

"We will be gliding at around at two thousand feet. The first thing you need to know about gliding is that it is always best to go with the wind than against it. You may ask what if the wind is blowing in the opposite direction, but there will always be a tail wind. You just need to find it. Wind blows in different directions at different altitudes. You will learn to guess the height as you become more experienced" Jie Er explained.

"For today, you shall try to keep flying for as long as you can. I will let you know when you can take small breaks. We will keep flying until you can no longer keep your wings materialized" Jie Er continued.

"Is this necessary?" Blaze asked a little apprehensive about the seemingly strenuous exercise. He was a lazy chap and did not like to work out unless it was some sort of a game or sport.

"I am worried about sending you off to school by yourself. Becoming a good flyer will at least get you out of trouble. I know you won't be keeping yourself out of it" Jie Er replied.

Blaze grinned sardonically. It was true.

Jie Er quickly picked him up and soared into the air. He couldn't fly too high by himself.

Once they reached the required height, Jie Er gently lowered him by the rope as she flapped her wings to keep steady.

"Alright. Are you ready? We'll head East" Jie Er said as Blaze manifested his wings.

Blaze flapped his wings furiously as he tried to keep up with Jie Er. A steady wind blowing from the west made it a little easier to keep up.

"Don't go easy on yourself. Try to maintain this height. Your job is to not let the tether go taut" Jie Er shouted.

The sky was clear, and Blaze relished the warm heat of the sun against his back as cold air struck his face as he moved through it. He watched the ground from an eagle's view as they passed the specks of trees and animals scattered around in the grasslands.

It was quite wonderful until he started feeling the stress of his wings on his scapula. His wings started to feel heavy and Jie Er gave him no indication of going easy on him.

"Ok. Take a minute break" Jie Er shouted, just when he was ready to shout for a break.

Blaze stopped flapping his wings and the connecting rope went taut as the older angel bore his weight. She gave him a minute to catch his breath before making him fly again.

The scenery soon lost its splendor as Jie Er made him fly continuously, only letting him take short breaks.

They kept flying late into the afternoon when suddenly Blaze's wings fluttered and collapsed out of existence. Jie Er swooped down and caught him in her arms before the rope went taut. Completely drained of energy, Blaze went limp in her arms. His lungs were pounding under his chest and he could feel the growing numbness in the receptacles on his back

Jie Er took him down and found a tree with a good shade.

"Close your eyes and concentrate. Try to absorb the world's energy through your nirn" she told him, making him sit against the tree.

Nirn were the energy receptacles that wings materialized out of.

Blaze focused his mind on his two nirn and he could feel their emptiness like he had never felt before. He grasped at the surrounding energy with his mind and drew it in.

He gasped as the energy rushed in uncontrollably. It felt amazing. Like quenching a thirst after a rigorous workout or taking a breath of air after holding it in, only much better.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" Jie Er asked with a smile.

Blaze nodded.

"Some claim that it helps wings grow faster" she added.

Blaze absorbed the energy until he felt full. He tried to manifest his wings, but they only materialized for a moment before flickering out.

"You need to give them some rest. It's like tiring a muscle out. You won't be able to fly for a couple of hours. It will get better with practice. Come, I will fly you back home" Jie Er said with outstretched arms.

Blaze was suddenly reminded of his first meeting with her.

A little red in the face, he wrapped his arms around her neck and rested his head on her neck as she flew him back. Tired, he fell asleep on her shoulder.

***

Later that night, Blaze heard a knock on the door a few minutes after they headed to bed.

"Come in, Aunty" he said, turning on the bedside lamp.

Jie Er opened the door and stepped in holding a pillow.

"Can I sleep beside you? I can't seem to fall asleep" she asked bashfully. She was wearing an extremely skimpy slingshot bikini.

"Ugh umm" Blaze stuttered as he stared at her body. The silken bikini consisted of lose strips of transparent silk that hung from her neck. They covered her free hanging breasts and travelled down the sides of her stomach to latch on to two golden rings on her silken thong, at her hips. He could clearly see the outline of her nipples and her camel toe.

"It's fine if you don't want to" she said, shifting uncomfortably.

"I guess..." Blaze replied scooting to the right edge of the bed and turning away from her side. He couldn't really say no when she asked him like that.

Jie Er silently closed the door behind her and climbed in to the bed. She got under Blaze's blanket and scooted close to hug him from behind. She drew him close and pressed herself against him as she snuggled his head under her chin.

Blaze who wasn't wearing a top could feel her breasts and bare skin. The flimsy material covering her nipples didn't make for much of a barrier. His member slowly grew under his boyshorts.

Suddenly, Jie Er sneaked a hand under his arm and started gently caressing his stomach. It wasn't entirely sexual, and Blaze wasn't sure if she intended it that way, but he couldn't help getting even more aroused. He shifted uncomfortably trying to make her stop.

Jie Er paused for a moment but continued her slow caress. Blaze gave himself a mental sigh and steeling his will he closed his eyes. Unable to entice a reaction, she continued for a moment before she draped a leg over his hips and slowly fell asleep. Blaze lay awake for a while before sleep finally came to him.

***

They went flying the next morning as well. Jie Er once again pushed him to his limits before letting him rest and absorb energy. When Blaze came back home that afternoon, he materialized his wings and was pleasantly surprised to see his wings to have grown an inch or two over the weekend.

The rest of the day was spent in doing chores and playing with Sky.

When it was time for bed, Jie Er once again came to Blaze's room with her pillow. She was a wearing a loose gauze shift that hung low off her shoulders from a string around her neck. It was extremely short and barely hid her pussy.

<em>Well at least it's not a bikini. </em>Blaze thought, scooting to the side in silent consent.

Jie Er gave him a happy smile and climbed on to the bed beside him. Blaze turned over as she slid her arm over his stomach and pulled him close. She put a leg over his hip and started gently caressing his stomach again.

Thinking that it was going to be a repeat of the previous night, Blaze closed his eyes. However, Jie Er's palm slowly crept down his abdomen and suddenly pulled the boyshorts off his member.

She wrapped her hand around it and it rose in her grasp. She started slowly stroking it as she deftly ran her fingers along his length. Blaze hissed as her middle finger brushed his tip.

"Aunty..." he protested softly as his arousal started to cloud his mind. He had been curbing his desire for Jie Er over the weekend and it seemed to have compromised his ability to keep his mind together.

Unthinkingly, he turned around trying to get away from her hand. It was a mistake. She wasn't wearing any panties and her shift had ridden up her hips. Blaze had not looked down, but he felt it as his tip brushed along her slit and landed against her bean.

He made another mistake by looking into her eyes to ask her to stop. The desire in her eyes put him over the edge. He brought his hand up and pulled the cloth off her breast, popping it out. He grasped the squishy lump in his hand and took his mouth to the bulging pink nipple.

He kissed it and flicked it with his tongue, before taking her entire areola into his mouth. He sucked on it and used his hand to gently squeeze the breast in sync. He pasted his tongue against her areola and nipple and darted it around like a dancer.

He switched to the other breast and repeated the process before he moved back to the first. Feeling an insatiable hunger, he took it into his mouth again and started sucking with more vigor.

Suddenly, on instinct, he took to the nipple between his teeth and nipped it.

"Aaaaah" Jie Er moaned as she grabbed his butt and pulled him in.

His penis slid between the grasp of her thighs, brushing along the crevice of her slit.

"Aunty..." he murmured, as his willpower let him hang on the edges of consciousness.

In response, Jie Er reached for his boyshorts and pushed them down his hips. She wrapped her hand around his perky butt and pulled him in, making full contact with their stomachs and groins.

"Jie Er..." Blaze said looking up.

She tilted her head down and planted her lips on his.

It was delirious from the start as Jie Er grabbed his lips with hers and reached for his tongue with hers. They snogged on each other hungrily, tasting every bit of their mouths as the passion they had been keeping down burst forth with great vigor.

Their tongues mindlessly intertwined and wrestled with each other as their hips started gyrating on their own. Slick with her fluids, Blaze's member freely slid in and out of the gap between her thighs.

Suddenly, Blaze broke out of their kiss and used his weight to turn Jie Er on her back. He slid down her body to her wet slit and licked along its length. Jie Er gasped.

He took her bean between his lips and licked and flicked it with his tongue. Jie rushed her fingers through his flamey hair and pushed him down as she moaned loudly to his ministrations.

Blaze grabbed her around her thighs and moved down to her crevice, entering it with his tongue. Jie Er, instinctively tightened her thighs around his face as Blaze deftly lapped on her.

Her body moved like a wave and her strawberry smell and taste made his mind go haywire as he sucked on her with abandon.

"Mmmhhmmm Mmmm" Jie Er groaned as her body and mind lost control to the pleasure. She had been craving Blaze's touch ever since they had left Cali and the long wait had made it even more enjoyable.

"Aaaaagh" she finally screamed as she shuddered and flooded Blaze with her strawberry essence.

Her scream and her cum brought Blaze out of his stupor. He immediately pulled away and sat upright as feelings of guilt and disgust threatened to resurge.

"Please Blaze Er..." Jie Er said pleadingly with a hand under her chin.

Blaze stared at her sensuous form as she lay on the bed with her legs spread eagled. Her long whitish blonde hair was spread freely underneath her like a blanket and gave a halo to her figure. Her breasts slumped a little to her sides as her pink nipples stood erect.

Her sky-blue eyes had a delirious glaze to them, and both her upper and lower lips were slightly open, as if they were inviting him. <em>How could he say no? </em>Looking at her, Blaze once again began to lose control of his mind.

"Blaze Er..." Jie Er breathed heavily.

Blaze grabbed her thighs and placed his member along her thin pale pink slit. He brushed his prick along her length as he stipulated his options. The warmth and wetness left him with only one choice. It would not be fair for her or his own mental wellness to stop at this point. Besides, he was on the verge of losing control.

He took his member in his hand and spread her lips apart with his tip. And, <em>oh god, </em>he could feel her tightness even before penetration.

Suddenly, he felt her entrance pulsate against his tip as if it wanted him to enter. Blaze looked up to Jie Er's eyes and saw them display her want. He gently pushed in.

Her walls parted, and her crevasse engulfed his tip holding him tight in its warm embrace. However, he also felt a barrier standing in his way. His mind was clouded but he still had enough sense to not shove his way in.

Trying to ease her vaginal muscles, he moved his tip in and out of her, pushing in a little bit more with each entrance. Jie Er's breath became fervent as it became interspersed with light moans.

Suddenly, he felt her membrane stretch and he pushed the width of his tip past the barrier.

"Muughh" Jie Er cried in pleasure. Blaze was sure he did not cause any tears.

Knowing that he had entered her without hurting her, Blaze felt the last barricades of his consciousness crumble. He wrapped his hands around her hips and pushed himself in.

"Aaaaagh"

His thighs collided against hers as the entirety of his length got buried within her clamping walls. Blaze's mind was clouded by white hot arousal as he fell on top of her, with his head buried between her breasts.

Their bodies made full contact with each other as Blaze started gyrating against her pussy.

Jie Er felt bliss. She had wanted Blaze inside of her, ever since she had first seen him penetrate Rebecca. Initially, she had waited for Blaze to make the move. And, just when she realized that he might have been expecting her to ask him for it, the incident at Cali happened. She didn't want to coerce him to do something he didn't want to but when Rebecca explained the incident at the forest, Jie Er had decided to take matters into her own hands.

She didn't know how Blaze might react the next morning, but for now she was ecstatic. The fullness she felt from the hot rod in the pit of her stomach was heavenly.

As she relished the gyrating motions of her Blaze, she felt a strange energy enter her body from every inch of their contact. She would've been wary of it but it felt exceptionally refreshing. However, the energy flow slowly started seeping into her head and before she could realize that she was losing control, it took over her.

A white-hot light filled her consciousness as she lost herself in her arousal. She wrapped her arms and legs around Blaze and hugged him tightly onto herself, almost smothering him in her breasts.

The two angels crushed into each other as they mindlessly mashed and gyrated their bodies and groins against each other.

Suddenly, Blaze straddled his thighs around Jie Er's and wrapped his arms under her shoulders. He took one of her breasts into his mouth and raised his hips to bring his prick out of her tight walls.

He held her arrested along her ribs and pushed in with one fluid motion. Her tight walls resisted his entry, but they were no match for his spear.

Jie Er moved her hands to cup his buttcheeks as Blaze started slowly pumping in and out of her. She even used them to give him more momentum.

"Aah Aah Aah Aaah" she screamed as Blaze senselessly pumped into her, almost too forcefully. But Jie Er found it exhilarating. The emptiness she felt every time he exited her, ramped up the pleasure she felt with each rough thrust that made her feel full.

With her mind a blanket of white, she was only half aware of what was happening, but she was sure she would remember the pleasure and ecstasy she was feeling.

Soon, she reached a tipping point as she felt a pulsating heat throughout her body and especially at their connection. She teetered on the edge of climax for a few moments and then she felt her whole body burst with pure ecstasy.

She tightly hugged onto Blaze and shuddered as she released her hotness all over his rod.

As if his member was waiting for her, Blaze burst at the same time. He mashed his hips and groin into her and crudely jutted his hips, as he spurted voluminous jets of jizz into her.

Jie Er felt the hot liquid hit her cervix and fill up her womb as she unconsciously raised her hips, trying to be closer to him.

After a few moments of absolute bliss, which seemed long and fleeting at the same time, the two of them stopped spasming against each other and clarity slowly returned to their minds.

Blaze fell on her breast as he felt the last stream leave his member.

"Is it always like this?" Jie Er asked Blaze in the afterglow of fading pleasure as her vagina stopped releasing her essence.

"Like what?" Blaze murmured into the pillow of her breast. He felt depleted and satiated like he had never felt before.

"The ecstasy. The loss of control. The obscuring of one's mind by a white light" Jie Er breathed out loud.

"Wait, you lost control too? And you saw that white light?" Blaze asked surprised, raising his head and looking at her.

"Yeah. It felt wonderful, but I was only semi-conscious. My body was moving on its own and following your rhythm" Jie Er replied with dazed eyes.

"Aunty, I wasn't fully conscious either. This doesn't usually happen. It happened only once before with Aunt Becky, but she was conscious the whole time..." Blaze said with worry.

"Wait, aunty! You're glowing" Blaze suddenly noticed a pale white glow seeping out of her naked body.

"I am? Whatever do you mean?"

"You are literally glowing!"

Jie Er raised an arm and looked at the dim light it was emanating.

"Hmm. Oh!" Jie Er's eyes suddenly widened in some sort of a realization.

"Can you get off me for a moment?" she asked, patting on his butt.

Blaze got up on his hands and slowly pulled out of her, unplugging her hole. A dribble of semen trickled down her slit and to her anus.

Jie Er immediately got off the bed and headed to the mirror, not caring about the fluids trickling down her thighs.

She looked at herself in the mirror and materialized her first pair of wings.

The glow around her intensified and her eyes narrowed in concentration as she focused on bringing out her second pair.

Her narrower second pair of wings started sprouting from the dimples on her back. Blaze immediately noticed a difference from the previous time. They looked much brighter and the diseased gray spots seemed smaller.

Jie Er took in a sharp breath.

"What is it?"

"I am healing, Blaze Er! I am not sure how, but I am sure it has to do with what we did" Jie Er replied, as tears started flowing down her cheeks.

"Aunty?" Blaze stepped up to her, confused by her tears.

"Oh, Blaze Er!" she exclaimed, turning around and pulling him into a warm hug, as her wings wrapped around him. "It's been so long. I had almost given up on recovery" she cried as she snuggled against his head.

Blaze held her comfortingly, hoping that whatever happened was permanent.

***

<strong>Author's Comments</strong>: I hope the lead up to Jie Er's scene and the scene itseld were satisfying enough. I was going to prolong it for a lot longer but decided against it. I did not want to do that with two characters.

This chapter initially had more story in it, but it was getting too long so I decided to move it to the next chapter. I am sure some of you were getting impatient for a new chapter.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 08|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Author's Comments: Someone asked me for more action. I am going to try, but this isn't that kind of a story. Besides a couple of major battles, I've planned, there isn't going to be much action. Adventure yes, but not too many fights.</em>

*

I've had a revelation while writing this story. I've always been squeamish about anal, but once I removed the disgust factor (Angels don't excrete) I seemed to have gained a new-found appreciation for it.

Sorry for the delayed chapter. It got sent back once. I am going through a bit of a writer's block. The next chapter might take a little longer too. I just need to give myself some time to refresh my creativity. I guess this is the best time to go back and edit those first chapters. I won't take too long though. I have the story in my head. It's just the words that aren't flowing at the moment.

Ahren: Ooh. Which society, exactly? :P

DrasticExplorer: I unintentionally, fulfilled your wish in this chapter.

ReaderReaderfic: Pet River otter? Did you play ARK by any chance? I will see what I can do about it. Not promising anything though.

Wankr65 and Anons: I am flattered by your words. I can't believe my writing can make you experience the world so vividly.

Anon: Unfurled wings sex? I do want to write that at some point, obviously. You just gotta wait :P.

Chapter 8

Blaze woke up the next morning in the naked embrace of Jie Er. His cheek was pressed against the softness her breast and she had her long leg draped over him. He could feel her slit along the top his thigh.

He lay in silent contemplation as he went over the previous night's incident. <em>He had done it with her. There was no going back. </em>He sighed as he tried to come to terms with himself.

It wasn't like she was his real mother and he had never looked at her that way. And as he recalled the look on her face, he was sure she felt more for him than just platonic love. But that could be from the lust she felt in the heat of the moment. However, he finally accepted that he was in a completely different world and relationships needed to be seen from a different lens.

Moreover, it seemed like she needed <em>it </em>to help recover her archangel wings, and that thought alone made things easier to digest.

He felt Jie Er stir above him.

"Mornin' Aunty" he said in a damp voice.

Jie Er eyes fluttered open as she returned him a sleepy smile.

"Morning little one" she said giving him a kiss on his forehead.

Blaze looked away from the gesture, feeling a little awry. Suddenly, everything that had happened the previous night rushed into Jie Er's head.

She looked down at Blaze's unsure and slightly sorrowful expression and immediately got on top of him. She straddled his thighs, held his face between her hands and kissed him.

There was nothing chaste about the kiss. Jie Er forced her tongue into his mouth and hungrily reached for his. Not being the one to be passive, Blaze engulfed her mouth with his own and wrestled against her tongue. His lingering inhibitions quietly vanished.

After a minute of kissing, Jie Er got up, leaving Blaze a little dazed. She moved up on his stomach and reached for his erect prick behind her. She caressed it gently for a moment before she raised her hips to line it with her vacant hole.

"Aunty..." Blaze muttered unsurely, as she brushed his tip along her slit.

"I want it Blaze Er. I also need to know if it will happen again" Jie Er replied ardently.

Blaze fell silent, and Jie Er pushed his tip in and sat down on it, piercing herself fully.

"Mmmh" she moaned, as she felt Blaze spread apart her walls.

She looked into his eyes, making her desire evident and leaving no room for any other feelings. Blaze's member elongated a bit more as he felt her pleasurable warmth engulfing his entirety.

Jie Er placed her hands on his chest and started slowly revolving her hips over him. Her dampness growing exponentially with each revolution.

Suddenly, she raised herself, retrieving the member out until the tip. She paused for a moment before she went back down with a thump.

Blaze grunted loudly, unable to control his voice.

Loving his reaction, Jie Er repeated and Blaze jutted his hips to meet her in midair. Her speed steadily increased and soon she was hopping over him as fast as she could.

"Aah Aah Aah" she cried as she arched her back and head in pleasure, rushing her fingers through her own hair.

Blaze watched her vigorously bouncing breasts for a moment before he reached for them and grasped them firmly. He squeezed and felt their squishiness before he started kneading on them, gently brushing her nipples with his thumbs.

Their minds did not cloud like the previous night but the pleasure they felt wasn't any less. Soon, Blaze felt himself reaching a tipping point as he looked at a blissful Jie Er who was writhing and hopping over him with abandon.

He held himself as he waited for her to come.

Finally, Jie Er let out a shrill shriek and fell on top of him, smothering him with her breasts as she started spasming over his body.

Blaze let go and sprayed himself into her.

He wrapped his arms around her smooth long back as he thrust his hips with each release. Jie Er held his head between her breasts and took in everything.

"I guess it doesn't work every time" Blaze muttered, as the pleasure slowly faded. He was a little disappointed. He wanted to heal her as quickly as he could.

Jie Er raised her breasts off his face and pondered for a moment.

"It isn't as much as last night. But I think I feel the healing effect of your essence. I doubt anything can cure my wings within a few days. We just have to be patient" she replied, refusing to get off his penis. His member, although now flaccid, was still firmly lodged inside her.

"I wonder why this didn't happen with Aunt Becky" Blaze pondered after a moment.

"Hmm. I am not sure. Maybe it's a type of healing energy? It may not have any effect if one isn't injured or ill in some way" Jie Er conjectured.

"Either way, it gives credence to my theory that your essence is in fact some form of energy"

"Blaze Er!" she suddenly exclaimed. "How do you feel? Are you depleted in anyway? I don't want to do this if it actually saps your energy or affects your growth" she said with concern.

"I don't think so... I don't feel any different" Blaze answered. The only thing he was depleted of was his ability to fuck for another twenty minutes or so.

"Good! But we should take thing slow for a couple of days and see if anything changes" Jie Er replied, finally getting off him.

Jie Er went to prepare breakfast, while Blaze went to play with Sky. <em>His</em> plumage had finally covered his entire body and he no longer looked like a shaved rat. In fact, his pale blue coat and bright peachy golden beak made him look pompous and elegant at the same time.

After making sure he had pooped in his pen, Blaze brought Sky in for breakfast. He had been trying to get him used to being around Jie Er. He couldn't take the bird with him to the academy and it was going to be troublesome if Sky did not completely accept Jie Er by then.

Sky waddled around Blaze's knees as he sat down at the kitchen table. He wasn't as wary around Jie Er as he had been when he first met her, but he still preferred to stick around Blaze. It was quite a hassle because despite his age, the bird was almost as big as a large dog.

However, besides the sprouting feathers, Blaze had not seen any significant growth since Sky's arrival. He had been a little concerned but Jie Er assured him that Quetzals lived almost as long as angels and also had different growth spurts than angels.

"Aunty?" Blaze asked as she heated up Sky's breakfast goo while their own breakfast cooked on the side.

"Yes?"

"Are your wings tainted? I just want to know. It won't change how I think of you" Blaze asked precisely. He had been preparing the question in his mind.

"Tainted?" Jie Er responded, turning towards him and giving him a glance. Her expression did not give away anything.

"You could say that I guess. But it's not what you think. This was done to me by someone. My decisions or thoughts had nothing to do with it" Jie Er explained.

"What? Who?" Blaze exclaimed, as anger automatically reeked into his voice.

"I will tell you someday, Blaze Er" Jie Er answered solemnly.

"Why, aunty? Is it because you think I am still young?" Blaze asked a little miffed.

"Not entirely, Blaze Er. Do you hear the anger in your voice? I can't let my suffering have a negative effect on you. I've already forgiven the people who have done this to me, and I need you to be able to do the same. You need to experience this world a little more to have the capacity to do so, I think. Please trust me" she replied with a tone of finality, as she transferred the goo into a beaker like container and approached the bird.

She tried to coo him over, but Sky just gave her a defiant look.

Jie Er tried to get closer but the bird scampered to Blaze and hugged his legs with his scruffy flappers.

"Come here you little brat" Jie Er muttered, grabbing his arm and pulling him towards her.

"Squue Squue" Sky protested, struggling wildly.

Jie Er grabbed his beak and unceremoniously opened it, before she started pouring the goo down his throat. He struggled for a moment until he felt the delicious goo fill his gizzard.

Jie Er grinned as she slowly came to the realization that she needed to be a little firmer with her kids.

An unsuspecting Blaze walked over to the stove to turn the eggs over.

***

Another week went by as Blaze and Jie Er tried to come to terms with their new-found intimacy. They took it slow for various reasons, but whenever they did it, they ended up feeling closer than ever before. Making them question their initial hesitation. Blaze slowly learned to accept and not think about the weirdness of the whole thing.

He also went over the books he had bought at the fair. He learned why flexibility was so important to angels. In aerial fights, flexibility trumped muscle strength. On ground, stronger muscles helped in pushing against the ground to create force. In midair however, force was generated more from momentum than thrust. Flexibility helped in creating momentum. If one could stretch their limbs as far apart as possible, one could create the extra angular momentum to hit harder. You only needed to imagine figure skaters and ballerinas to understand the concept.

So, it didn't take much for Jie Er to convince Blaze to learn some stretching exercises that weekend. On the morning of Loredas, Blaze joined Jie Er in the living room to practice stretching.

She was wearing v-string panties and a short half tank top, which seemed like dress code for stretching.

"Right, I guess you can just copy me" she told Blaze, as he gazed at her breasts that seemed to be spilling out of her top.

For the first fifteen minutes the two of them did some easy and familiar exercises on living room's carpet. It was quite innocent, despite Blaze staring at her ass whenever she turned the other way. However, Jie Er soon decided to switch gears.

"It's time for splits" she suddenly said with a grin. "It's important you learn them. Doing them in midair can drastically increase your momentum. It will not only increase the power of your kicks and swings, but will also help you with complex maneuvers"

Blaze nodded, feeling a little skeptical about her grin.

Jie Er smiled at him and stretched her long legs out on the carpet. She slowly shuffled down and as she moved downwards the narrow cloth of the v-string rode up her lower lips. Blaze watched in awe as he realized the reason behind that grin. <em>Was he so obvious?</em>

"What are you waiting for? Try it" Jie Er replied seriously, after she was all the way down with her groin touching the carpet.

"I don't think it will be that easy for me" Blaze murmured and tried to copy her.

It turned out that his angel body was surprisingly flexible. He was four or five inches above the ground before he felt the painful resistance of his inner thigh muscles.

"Good. Stay in that position for a bit" Jie Er told him as he balanced himself on his hands.

Blaze held himself for about thirty seconds before he fell back.

"I guess that's good enough for a first try" Jie Er said, not quite comforting him like she normally would.

"I can't be as flexible as you, aunty" he replied defensively, pointing at his groin.

"hmmmm" Jie Er considered his statement, seemingly for a little too long.

"Can you stand up for a moment?" she asked him innocently, and he complied.

Jie Er crawled up to him, and without any warning, pulled his shorts down.

"What are you doing?"

"I want to see why this would make it harder to stretch" Jie Er answered nonchalantly.

"Ugh. Don't tell me you are going to make me stretch with this hanging about" Blaze replied exasperatedly.

"Don't worry, I will hold it up" Jie Er replied, immediately cupping his balls with her slender fingers and gently bouncing them.

Blaze stared at her in amazement, even as his penis rose in her hand.

"What are you waiting for? Do the split" Jie Er urged him as she held his organ with both hands, while kneeling in front of him.

Blaze simply sighed and began his split.

"I don't see how this makes it harder for you to do a split" Jie Er commented as he slowly shuffled down.

"It gets in the way..." Blaze muttered.

"Well, I guess I just have to hold it when you do a split" Jie Er concluded.

Blaze sighed again. It wasn't like he did not like her touch.

Jie Er made him stay in the outstretched position for a minute before she let him go, gently caressing his member as he fell back.

They repeated a similar process with frontal splits. After the initial skepticism, Blaze felt that it was quite convenient for his junk to be held while doing a split.

"Lie on your back" Jie Er commanded, after the splits.

Blaze complied and laid supine on the mat. Jie Er held him under his knees and made him lift his legs vertically into the air.

"Now bring them down to the sides" Jie Er told his as she scooted to the front.

Blaze tried to stretch his legs but was soon stuck at around a one-fifty-degree angle. For some reason this split was harder than the other horizontal split.

Jie Er sat on her knees, placed her palms on his inner thighs and gently pushed his legs down pulling his muscles to their extremes. Blaze erect member lay on his stomach as his balls dangled between his thighs.

Suddenly, Jie Er leaned forward and planted a wet kiss on his member. Blaze's legs shot up in surprise, trapping Jie Er's head between his thighs.

"What are you doing?" Blaze exclaimed.

"I just thought of a good way to improve your stretching. It will be a good incentive" Jie Er grinned impishly, from between his thighs. And before Blaze could say anything, she picked his tip with her soft lips and took it in.

Blaze hissed as she caressed his tip with her tongue. He lowered his thighs and she put her hands against them, slowly pushing them down as she swallowed his length. Blaze watched in amazement.

When Jie Er felt the tightness in Blaze's muscles, she stopped pushing down and slowly but firmly dragged her lips up and along his length as she lessened the pressure on his thighs.

She paused at the tip and went back down, gently pushing his thighs further down. In the mounting pleasure, Blaze did not realize the pain he felt as his muscles stretched. Or maybe his muscles had loosened from the pleasure.

Jie Er repeated the process, bobbing her head up and down his length and slowly managed to bring his legs within a few inches off the ground.

"That should be enough for today" she said, suddenly pulling away from his prick and letting go of his legs.

"We shouldn't overstress your muscles. Don't worry, I will take care of your thing afterwards" Jie Er explained, noticing the dismay on his face.

"We are not done yet?" Blaze asked in exasperation. He was quite frustrated with the sudden end to the blowjob.

"No. Get on your hands and knees" Jie Er ordered him.

Blaze grumbled but obeyed

"Spread your legs a bit more and get on your elbows"

Without his shorts, Blaze felt very exposed in the new position.

"Now raise your head, bend your back and try to touch the ground with your stomach" Jie Er said, placing a hand on his back and pushing him down.

Blaze butt perked up and Jie Er reached for his member under him. She held him in place with her other hand as she gently stroked his hot member.

Blaze could not figure out if Jie Er was doing it on purpose, but he didn't complain. The whole experience was quite unique and frankly titillating.

"Ok, my turn" Jie Er said after putting him through a few more unique stretching positions.

'Muhahahaha' Blaze gave himself a mental laugh.

"Just put some weight on my back to help me stay in position" Jie Er said innocently, getting onto her elbows and knees.

Blaze immediately shuffled behind her thighs. He scooted up to her and placed his hands on her narrow waist. Jie Er's back arched as her legs spread apart and her pert butt pushed into his erect member. The single string did not offer much protection to her puckered hole.

As his prick pressed into the warmth of her butt crack, Blaze felt the heat rise in his body and his mouth became dry in anticipation.

Jie Er noticed the heat emanating from Blaze and her own mounting desire, but she did not take any action. She maintained her position without as much as wiggling her butt or giving any other indication that she was excited.

Blaze could only wait a few moments before he started brushing his prick against her. Jie Er smiled and pushed herself against him. The v-string was not much of an obstruction as Blaze felt the puckered folds of her anus and the growing dampness of her groin.

Blaze moved his hands to her butt as his movements became more fervid and obvious. Jie Er let him grind against her for a few moments before she moved out of his grasp.

"Time for the next exercise" she said, turning around on her butt. Her face was flush as she glanced at Blaze's pulsing member.

"What's next?" Blaze breathed heavily, trying not to look into her eyes.

"I need your help to get my legs behind my shoulders" Jie Er muttered softly.

Blaze's eyes widened, and he couldn't help looking her. She gave him a coy smile.

"How does that help in any way?" Blaze couldn't help but ask.

"It doesn't. It's just good for flexibility. I had given up on keeping myself in my best condition after seeing no signs of improvement in my wings. But now, I have hope" Jie Er replied, averting her eyes.

Blaze scoffed but nodded.

Jie Er lay on her back with her feet on the ground and knees in the air, as she waited for Blaze.

Blaze scooted towards her and she brought up her knees to her breasts, giving an unhindered view of her camel toe and her string covered anus. Blaze caressed her butt and thighs for a moment before he reached for her panties.

"What are you doing?" Jie Er asked him, as he slowly pulled them up, revealing her glazed slit.

"It might get in the way while stretching" Blaze replied wryly.

Jie Er nodded. She couldn't take the grin off her face. She put her legs up and Blaze pulled the panties off her as he stared at the pussy peeking at him from between her thighs.

Once the panties were off, Blaze spread her legs apart and pushed them down, widening the gap between her lower lips. Jie Er put her arms between her legs and Blaze helped her push them down and behind her shoulders.

Her legs went behind her almost too easily, making him wonder if she ever needed help. But that thought quickly disappeared from his mind as he stared at the view.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
Despite the contortion of her limbs, Jie Er looked absolutely delectable. Her lower lips were slightly open, revealing a deep crevasse. Her anus was now a gaping chasm.

Blaze almost fell on top of her as he failed to control himself. He leaned over her and kneaded her plump squishy breasts, accentuated by her propped-up shoulders, as he grinded against her wet slit.

After a few moments, Blaze couldn't help but look at Jie Er's face. She looked back with lustful eyes, nervously biting her lower lip. Blaze fell on top of her and kissed her luscious red lips.

One thing that this position had over all the others was the amount of contact. Blaze felt Jie Er's skin like he had never felt before. Almost every bit of his upper body felt the warmth of her skin. The position also gave him a lot of control as Jie Er was almost helpless in his arms. He didn't ask for the power but Jie Er gave it to him freely and she wanted him to take it, which she showed by the passion in her kiss.

Suddenly, Blaze felt a jut of hips against his and he knew it was time. He slowly broke apart from the kiss and got up to his knees.

He straddled her thighs and without much further ado, lined his tip against her open slit. She was quite damp. He brushed his tip against her clit and her lips before pushing it in one fluid motion.

"Aah" Jie cried out loud as the hot member she seemed to be craving for every day, forcefully spread apart her walls and made its way into her depths. Her hands, confined by her legs, awkwardly reached for Blaze's waist. She wanted to feel him.

Once his prick was in, Blaze mounted her and leaned into her breasts. Their groins kissed in full contact and his member reached depths it had never reached. He wrapped her in his arms and started pumping into her.

<em>Thwack Thwack Thwack,</em> he hit her with quick short thrusts, as Jie Er moaned to his rhythm.

His mind once again showed signs of clouding, but he managed to push it down, despite the absolute bliss he felt from being wrapped up inside her tight walls.

Finally, Jie Er shrieked and Blaze felt her spasms through her thighs as she flooded his member with her fluids. Blaze hugged her tight as she shivered in her release and tried to control himself from bursting. He wasn't done yet.

Once her orgasm abated, Blaze slowly got off her. Jie Er noticed that he hadn't come.

He reached for slit and gave her a long lick along her length, eliciting a hiss of pleasure. He tasted her essence for a moment, before he suddenly dived at her gaping lower hole.

Jie Er eyes widened in surprise as Blaze's lips wrapped around her anus and his tongue circled her folds. After a few slow but firm revolutions around her rim, he deftly pushed in his tongue. She had seen him penetrate Rebecca's anus, so she knew what was coming. <em>But would it fit? Maybe Rebecca's was more pliant.</em>

"Blaze Er..." she muttered softly.

Noticing the trepidation in her voice, Blaze looked at her.

"It will be fine, aunty. I can't think of a better position than this to try it out. Just tell me if it hurts" Blaze replied, trying to ease her doubts.

Jie Er nodded meekly and Blaze went back to lubricating.

Once he was satisfied, he got up and gazed at his work. A wet void gaped back at him, slightly pulsing every few seconds as their owner noticed the hungry look in their soon to be interloper's eyes.

It was invitation enough for Blaze as he moved his own pulsing tip to her entrance. He placed the tip against her resistant hole and pushed it in with his thumb.

"Ahh" Jie Er gasped opening her mouth widely as his hot member stretched her.

Her walls tightly constricted around his tip and pulsed wildly, trying to push him out. But blaze held his place, feeling the soft but firm embrace of her walls.

"Just relax, aunty" he cooed at her.

Soon, both Jie Er and her anus got used to the idea and her walls slowly relaxed. Blaze took the chance to advance a little more and her walls once again tightened, restricting his passage. He once again waited for her to relax.

They repeated the process a few more times, until his whole length was firmly lodged within her passage.

Blaze gazed at their place of union for a moment, before placing his palms on her thighs. He looked into Jie Er's eyes and slowly pulled out, bringing a little of her inner skin out as it firmly kissed his member, unwilling to let go.

He pulled out till his tip and then pushed it back in, a little bit faster.

"Aahh" Jie Er gasped again. Blaze moved her hand to her vagina and clitoris. Jie Er got the general idea.

"Aah"

"AAh"

"Aaaah"

Jie Er moaned each time he penetrated her, as she played her fingers over her slit.

Finally, Blaze couldn't control himself. He made her put her arms over her head and once more fell on top of her. He placed his face between her breasts, held her tightly in his arms, and started furiously gyrating and thumping against her.

Jie Er's pleasure peaked as Blaze's groin stimulated her clit and his prick stirred her insides. She placed her long arms over his shoulders and firmly caressed his back trying to reach his butt.

"Mmmh" Blaze finally moaned, as he hit her with a final thrust and burst.

Jie Er felt the first stream of thick hot fluid filling her passage and she let go.

Blaze jutted repeatedly as he let out stream after stream into her. She spasmed half a step off sync with his ejections.

After releasing himself completely into her, he went limp on her, feeling completely spent. Jie Er moved her legs from under her shoulders and wrapped them around his butt as she hugged him tightly with her arms. She didn't want to let him go.

***

Over the next couple of weeks, Jie Er and Blaze slowly explored the new aspect of their relationship using the easy excuse that they needed to do it to heal Jie Er's wings.

Although their progress was not as rapid as the first time, Jie Er's wings showed steady improvement. Blaze wondered if he needed to starve himself of sex to repeat the results of their first time, but he did not get much of a chance to do so. Jie Er was more than willing to initiate by herself and Agatha seemed to be more voracious than ever.

Sky's plumage also started showing signs of sprouting feathers, though he had yet to show any signs of growing in body size. He also started becoming comfortable around Jie Er. Whether it was because he was slowly getting used to Jie Er or if it was because of the constant presence of Blaze's smell on her body, was a question left unanswered.

The duo also continued their <em>stretching </em>routine whenever they could, especially over the weekends. So, when Rebecca returned on the morning of surdas, she found Jie Er riding Blaze in a very unique position.

Blaze had his legs split to the sides and Jie Er was hopping over him with her thighs and calves stretched over his thighs.

Rebecca was only baffled for a few moments before she chucked her clothes and joined them.

"How was your trip, aunt Becky?" Blaze asked, as he lay sandwiched between two heaving naked bodies. The threesome had been quite intense.

"Quite boring. The demons seem to be playing the long game. There have been no reports of incursions, except a few skirmishes initiated by our side. The higher ups are going crazy trying to figure out what they are up to" "Oh, Rin told me to give you these. The twins said that they are going to visit soon but wanted you to have them in case you had run out. How's the critter doing, by the way?" Rebecca replied, handing him a pouch full of treats for Sky.

***

Rebecca's presence and her temperament destroyed any reservations Blaze and Jie Er still had, and the trio started fornicating like rabbits. The twins also visited every week, with the pretext of training Sky, but every visit ended with an orgy by the hot spring.

However, they did put in some time on Sky who was seemed quite smart at picking up cues, both verbal and visual. Whether he would follow them, however, depended on his moods. He usually listened to Jie Er but had somehow concluded that Blaze and Rebecca were his equals. So, he only listened if there was a treat or petting involved.

Blaze's constant flying workouts with Jie Er also started showing improvement on his flying skills. He still had trouble with enhanced wings, but flying was becoming easier and easier.

Jie Er's techniques, however, were another story. She did not hold herself back in teaching him her techniques, but the progress was tiringly slow for the capricious young angel.

A couple of months before the start of the next school year, a letter arrived for Blaze. Jie Er picked it from her P.O box at Varan.

"Ah. Reminds me of the first time I got my admission letter. Unlike some lucky brat, I had to take a very tough exam. I still remember my hands shaking as I opened my letter from Saras academy." Rebecca said nostalgically, as the three angels opened the letter together.

The letter came in a white velvety envelope with the school insignia stamped on the top right corner and on the red seal in the middle. It depicted a flaming red puokai with its wings spread open as if it was getting ready to fly.

"You didn't want to go to Tir?" Blaze asked as he unfolded the letter. Blaze had long ago asked where Jie Er went to school, but she had just replied that it was in a different country.

"Mum couldn't afford it" Rebecca replied, making Blaze suddenly wonder about his own tuition.

<em>Dear Blaze Er Lokra,</em>

<em>We are pleased to inform you that you've been admitted to our prestigious Tir Academy, as a primus virtuous student.</em>

<em>In recognition of your exceptional talents, your tuition and boarding has been waived for the first year. The scholarship can be extended to subsequent years based on your performance.</em>

<em>Please report to the principal's office at 9 in the morning, on the eleventh day of Frostfall. </em>

<em>A list of items you will be required and allowed to bring will be provided with this letter.</em>

<em>Congratulations on your admittance and we hope to see you soon.</em>

<em>Sincerely,</em>

<em>Fiora d'Aragon</em>

<em>Principal of Tir Academy.</em>

"Geez. Seems like the duchess did not pull any stops. I've never heard of anyone besides the nobility who've been offered both admission and a scholarship without an exam" Rebecca commented once he finished reading.

"Meh. It's not like they wouldn't have offered it once they've had the chance to gaze upon my awesomeness. Ely's mum just made it a little easier for them" Blaze replied in mock pride.

"You will remember to thank the duchess profusely" Jie Er said, pretending to be strict. But the pride in her voice was evident.

***

That weekend, Jie Er had the trio gathered in the garden for a training session. However, unlike usual, an array of weapons lay on the garden table while Sky gnawed on them with his tough beak. He did not have teeth, but the crushing power of his beak was enough to break a steel sword if he intended to.

"Mastery of a weapon is a lifetime process. Every weapon has its own advantages and counters; depending on the situation. For example, a sword and shield are effective against pikes, a war-hammer is good against shields and pikes counter war-hammers. But skill can always triumph over counters. Angels value perfection, so most angels choose to master one or two types of weapons. My choice of weapon is a long sword. Becky prefers a spear and shield" Jie Er explained, pointing at the weapons on the table.

There was a pike, a short sword, a long sword, a broad sword, a falchion, a hammer, a scimitar, a katana like single edged sword, a polearm, a glaive, an axe and a bow.

"Young angels take years to finalize the choice of their weapon and it takes centuries to be truly called a master. Which is why, I've decided to make you learn as many types of weapons as you can pick up in a short while. You are growing too fast and soon your only opponents will be angels with years of experience. Even if you are naturally gifted, you won't be able to overcome time spent on rigorous training. So your best option is to pick and fight with a weapon that naturally counters your opponent's. It will be quicker to learn the basics of multiple weapons than to become a master at one. You can always pick a weapon to master, later in your life. What do you think?" Jie continued.

Blaze pondered about it for a moment before he nodded. He detested other people making decisions for him, but with Jie Er it felt completely natural. Besides, he wasn't arrogant enough to think that his knowledge amounted to anything when compared to Jie Er's.

"Good. Choose your pick of a weapon. Becky and I are going to show where exactly you stand while fighting an adult angel. It's good to know your limits. Becky, you want to go first?"

Blaze nodded, but instead of picking a weapon from the table he pulled out his Viridian bat.

"You'd better not be looking down on me, brat" Rebecca walking up to the table and picking a blunted sword.

"This is probably my best weapon" Blaze replied wryly, opting not to tease her back.

"Alright then, come at me" she responded taking a defensive stance with the sword.

Blaze charged at her without warning. He swung the bat at her head and Rebecca raised her sword to block it.

However, Blaze had intended the charge to be a feint. He diverted the bat away from her head, lunged down to weep at her knees. He knew Rebecca's body reinforcement would block the blow, so he was not too worried about hurting her.

Contrary to his expectations, however, Rebecca deftly hopped over the sweep and gently rapped him on his shoulder with the sword.

"I know you too well, little trickster" she replied to the surprised look on Blaze's face.

A little miffed, Blaze leapt at her again, taking a heavy swing at her. Rebecca simply diverted the blow to the ground and rapped his head with her other hand.

"I've got a hundred and thirty years over you, kiddo. I can see your every move" she laughed.

"Of course, you do, you old hag" Blaze retorted and tried again.

He swung, he feinted, he rolled around and tried every move in his arsenal to land a solid hit on Rebecca. The closest he got to hitting her was to scrape her shoulder with the edge of the bat.

"How are you so much better than Brija?" Blaze complained, as he fell on his butt with exhaustion and exasperation. On earth, he had practiced martial arts and received a black belt in karate at the age of thirteen. So, he wasn't a complete amateur and that made him even more angry with how easily he had been toyed around.

"From what you told me, you never actually fought her, Blaze Er" Jie Er replied from the side.

Blaze suddenly understood why Brija had been so overconfident in defeating him. And it may not have been her over confidence, but his luck and planning that did her in.

"You're extremely strong for an angel your age, Blaze Er. The rate at which you are growing is also tremendous. But it doesn't mean that you make light of adult angels" Jie Er cajoled him.

Blaze nodded. The fact that he was not skilled enough to take on most adult angels, jarred him. But it also made him keen on amping up his training.

The fight with Jie Er only solidified this desire. She had completely overwhelmed him. Unlike Rebecca, sword was her primary weapon and she made the difference in skill blatantly obvious. Blaze did not even come close to touching her with his bat, and Jie Er did not even move half as much as Rebecca.

"Your strength and agility are both good, but you dodge too much and you're too cautious about taking hits. Sometimes it's better to parry or take a hit to make it easier to land a solid blow. This is especially true for smashing weapons such as yours" Jie Er evaluated him.

Blaze did not disagree. His pride and the video games from earth had made him put too much value on <em>flawless victories.</em>

"Well, since you understand where you stand, let's start with the spear. It's the simplest weapon to learn but the hardest weapon to master. Let's start out with the basic thrust and sweep..."

For the rest of the day, Jie Er and Rebecca trained him on the various ways of using a spear, including the combination of a spear and a shield.

***

Over the next couple of months, Blaze perfected the basics of quite a few weapons. His best so far had been the bow and his flyball bat. In fact, he usually managed to land a blow or two on Rebecca when he used the bat. Granted, she never used her spear to fight against him.

Jie Er kept telling him that he was also really good with the glaive. But, he didn't like its clunkiness. The bat was much easier to maneuver and it listened to his movements.

Jie Er also made sure that Blaze focused on his body enhancement. Though the speed with which he could procure a viable energy defense was still slow, the strength of the shield and the time he could keep it materialized had steadily increased.

A week before his departure to Tir, Blaze's wings finally hit a length of seven feet; wingspan of fourteen feet plus the width of his chest. He finally managed to fly to Varan without having to land. A wingspan of fourteen feet was a benchmark for most angels. It was the length which allowed for steady flight.

Sky's plumage also kept thickening, and he finally started growing tailfeathers. During the last week before Blaze left for Tir, Sky had a sudden growth spurt, and gained a few kilos.

The 11<sup>th</sup> of Frostfall fell on a Morndas, so the Loredas (Saturday) before Blaze left, they had big celebration with the twins and Agatha. They had a scrumptious dinner and merry evening without <em>spoiling</em> it with sex.

Agatha was excited to meet Sky and surprisingly became friends with him quite easily. Blaze also coddled the bird that night, and despite his increased attentions, the bird did not seem to realize Blaze's imminent departure.

The next morning, the trio of angels took off to Varan with Agatha, as the twins bade them goodbye. The twins were going to stay at the house until Jie Er and Rebecca returned and take care of Sky in their absence.

As Blaze took off to the sky with the other two, the bird finally seemed to realize that something was off. He jumped out of Rin's arms and scampered to the wall, squealing in distress as he jumped up and down, trying to hop over the wall.

Feeling somewhat distraught, Blaze gave him a final look and shot off to the north as the rest followed him. <em>I won't be gone for too long, buddy.</em>

Tir academy was located near Shapur, a town on the banks of river Glende, around a hundred yonders to the south-east of Varan; an eight-hour journey on a Pegasi carriage.

Agatha accompanied them to Varan, where the trio hired a carriage along with its driver.

The journey was a pleasant but silent trip. Although Blaze was excited about attending the academy, he still felt the gloom about leaving the two angels who were the closest thing he had to a family in the world.

Shapur was a quiet and rustic town, surrounded by orchids, farms and woods. A citrus smell pervaded the town and dry warm wind constantly blew from the west, giving the town the relaxing and sleepy vibe of a Mediterranean town.

If they had come a couple of days earlier, they might have run into the hustle and bustle of new students and their families. But according to Elyssa on the VP (voice projector), the first years would've entered the school over the weekend to be settled down in their dorms. Her own classes apparently did not start until the week after, so Blaze wasn't expecting to meet her till then.

The trio went around the town for school supplies and spent a <em>long </em>night before they went to sleep. The next morning, Jie Er and Rebecca went along with Blaze to the entrance of the school, which was located within the south-eastern woods of the town.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
The entrance was a massive arched gateway with massive railed gates thrown open to the sides. There was no apparent automated mechanism and Blaze wondered how any angel could manage to open or close the gates by herself. An angel was posted inside a guard post on the right.

"I am sorry. Families not allowed on the campus grounds except during visiting weekends" the guard shouted as she saw Jie Er and Rebecca accompanying Blaze. They nodded back.

They had already known that. Classes were about to start, and families weren't allowed inside the campus grounds.

Jie Er and Rebecca had wanted to come to Tir a couple of days early and help him settle down in his dorm, but Blaze had been adamant about doing it himself. He had already had that experience on earth and he did not want to feel anymore like a kid. Besides, a short farewell was easier than a prolonged one.

"I will visit you next week, Blaze Er" Jie Er replied emotionally as they stood at the gated entrance. They hadn't been apart for more than a day, since his hatching.

"You don't have to, aunty" Blaze replied, feeling equally emotional, as Jie Er hugged him tightly. He struggled to keep his eyes from turning moist.

"She is coming whether you want to or not" Rebecca replied wryly from the side, trying to put up a nonchalant front. Blaze knew better.

"I will see you next week too, aunt Becky" Blaze grinned at her from Jie Er's shoulder. Rebecca scoffed but didn't deny it.

"I wish you could bring Sky along. I hope he won't miss me too much" Blaze said, hugging Jie Er from the side.

"I am sorry, Blaze Er. Sky will have to learn to be by herself. You should visit the week after the next. Students are allowed to visit their families every alternate weekend. You should take advantage of that and visit sky whenever you can" Jie Er replied.

"Are you sure it's for Sky you want him to visit?" Rebecca commented.

"Oh, shut up Becky" Jie Er laughed, her voice cracking a little.

"I guess, I will get going" Blaze finally said, separating from Jie Er.

"Bye Aunt Becky. Take care of Aunty Jie Er" he told Rebecca, giving her a warm hug. He gave her butt a tight squeeze before he let go.

He turned around and walked to the gate without turning back.

"Blaze Er Lokra. I was asked to report to the principal's office at 9 today" Blaze told the guard, passing her the letter of admittance.

The bright gray-haired angel, gave Blaze a once over, perused the letter and handed it back to him.

"Third building on the right. There will be a stele saying administration building. Find someone to help you in there" she replied with a smile.

Blaze turned back and gave the two angels a nervous smile and a wave before he took the wide marble paved path leading into the academy. Jie Er and Rebecca waited until Blaze's form disappeared out of sight, before they took off to head back home.

Blaze could've flown to the building, but since he was supposed to be a first year he did want to garner any unnecessary attention yet. The marble pathway was long and winding, and it passed through splendid gardens and lush trees with foliage of fall colors.

The first building he came across was a massive structure with two tall spire towers on either side of the path, connected by a wide central bridge over the pathway. 'Library of Ashur" a stone stele near the entrance gave identity to the building. The bridge was lined with windows and Blaze could imagine the desks lying underneath them. He could already see himself sitting near one of the windows and peering out in contemplation, gazing at the splendid view of the gardens.

The entertainment building was a few hundred feet away from the library and to the left of the pathway. Blaze spotted a couple of netted courts to the right of the building. The odd thing was there were three nets in the middle, at different heights. <em>An angelic version of badminton or tennis?</em>

Finally, he spotted a wide two storied building with a central tower that reached six floors. A stone stele on the outside indicated that Blaze was at the right place. An adult angel flew in from the west and landed in front of the building. She gave Blaze a cursory smile and stepped in through the tall wooden doorway.

Blaze steeled his nerves and walked in. He was reminded of his first day at college. He had been similarly nervous, although there was no logical reason for it.

A few angels moved about busily on the red carpeted hallway and a blue haired angel sat at desk facing the doorway. A gorgeous stone carved spiral stairway behind her, lead to the upper floors.

At the head of the entrance was a portrait of the founder of Tir academy, and the walls were lined with portraits of previous principals and other luminaries related to the school.

"Sixth Floor" the blue haired angel told Blaze, giving his letter a fleeting glance.

Blaze sighed and began the long spiral around the tower. <em>Why the hell did the principal have to be on the sixth floor?</em>

A brunette secretary occupied the entrance room of the sixth floor. She was a younger angel in her early hundreds and seemed quite pleasant as she browsed the letter and asked Blaze to have a seat at the chairs lining the wall.

"The principal will see you in a bit. We are waiting for another student" she told him as he sat on the plush brown seats.

After about fifteen minutes, the door of the staircase opened and in stepped a cute looking angel. At a height of around 5'2 she was quite small for an angel and Blaze assumed her to be a first year like him. By Earth standards, she seemed to be around fourteen or fifteen years of age.

She had long bushy orange hair that covered her ears and reached just below her shoulders. Her eyes were large, pretty and orange, and were slightly turned up, with bright orange mascara lining past the edges. She had a piercing gaze and a neutral expression, which gave her an air of broodiness.

She had an angular jaw that tapered down to a small but rounded chin. Her lips were full and pouty, and her nose was sharp and turned up.

A double maple leaf ornament adorned the side of her head, and she wore a short green and leafy one-piece dress that made her seem like a wood elf.

She was very petite and seemed a little nervous as she eyed the secretary and Blaze with unsure eyes.

"Please have a seat. I will notify the principal of your arrival" the secretary replied, getting up and knocking on the door behind her.

"Hi" Blaze said to the young angel, as the secretary entered the principal's office.

"Hello" she replied shyly.

"The headmistress will see you now" the secretary returned and held the door open for them.

Blaze made way for the younger angel and followed her. The principal's room was a cozy looking place, with a couple of comfy couches on the side and numerous books littered around the room and the shelves.

The principal herself sat behind a thick black glass table with legs of mahogany. Four wooden chairs sat in front of the table.

"Hello. I am headmistress Fiora d'Aragon. The two of you have been admitted with the highest recommendations, but your academic achievements have not been properly measured. I've called you here to take an exam to see which grade you can be placed in. I hope you two are ready for it" the headmistress said in pleasant voice, getting up from her chair behind her desk.

Elyssa had already warned him about a potential placement exam, but Blaze hadn't cared enough to prepare for it.

The headmistress was a lean and tall woman, with long crimson hair that was tied up in a top bun. Her long legs made her seem taller than she was, and her black one-piece suit skirt accentuated her hourglass figure. The suit along with thigh high netted stockings did not reveal much skin besides the pushed-up cleavage of her breasts.

Fiora radiated contradicting auras of both strictness and gentleness. She had narrow but wide slanted green eyes, and high thin eyebrows that rose up in an angular arch. Her nose was sharp and slightly hooked, giving her an air of eagle like perceptiveness.

She had high cheekbones that narrowed down to a sharp chin. Her lips were thin and bow shaped, but the crimson lipstick gave them prominence. A pair of narrow black rimmed glasses finished the stereotypical look of a hot professor.

Blaze gave her the <em>evil </em>eye as she walked up to a shelf and pulled out a couple of stacks of papers.

"Follow me" Fiora said, leading them through a door on the right of her room. It was a small class room with a mini blackboard, a teacher's table and ten or so study chairs.

"These are shortened versions of all the finals up to the sixth year. Pick the hardest one from each subject that you think you can pass. The passing grade is usually 60%, but I need at least 75% to let you skip a grade. They should take you a few hours. Any questions?" Fiora explained.

"I have a question. Can I cheat off her?" Blaze asked in mock seriousness.

The two angels looked at him as if he suddenly grew a couple of horns.

"I am joking. If I wanted to cheat, I can just use the books in my space ring"

The response wasn't much different.

"That was a joke too" Blaze sighed, finally eliciting a small giggle from the younger angel.

"If that is all, I will leave you to get to your tests. You can come to me if you need anything else. I will be in my room. And oh, I will know if you cheat" Fiora replied without as much as blink and walked out.

"Some angels just don't have a sense of humor" Blaze commented.

The smaller angel gave him a weak smile and walked up to her closest stack. Blaze shook his head at the low-key response and followed her to his own set of papers.

Blaze quickly browsed through the pile and finally picked a 4<sup>th</sup> year chemistry paper. He felt that he could answer most of the questions in the 5<sup>th</sup> year as well but he wasn't completely sure about it.

He glanced at the other angel and was surprised to find her holding the same test. She seemed to be glancing at his pick with equal surprise. But before he could make a comment, the girl quickly shuffled back to a chair, pulled out a quill shaped pen and started furiously answering the questions.

Blaze sighed at her reticence and went to solve his own test. He picked a seat a few chairs away from her and pulled out his own quill pen. The pens in Azra-El were mostly shaped like quills, with ink held within the feather shaped container at the top.

Soon, Blaze was completely immersed in solving the questions and only brought up his head and pen when he finished the last question on the test. He looked to the girl and found her taking the quill off her paper right at that moment.

She looked at him and Blaze grinned back cockily. He had started a little after her and finished a little earlier. The girl immediately looked away and walked up to the desk to get her next exam.

Blaze followed her and browsed through the remaining tests while keeping an eye on what the girl was picking. She picked a fourth-year physics paper.

<em>Hah!</em> Blaze gave himself a mental shout of triumph, before picking up the fifth year Physics paper. He openly displayed his choice as he walked back to his seat in a mock strut of pride.

The girl was a little annoyed, but she didn't want to take the risk of picking a test she couldn't completely solve. She simply went back to her seat and started solving her own paper.

Soon, however, the two of them began an unspoken competition of who could take the harder test and who could finish them sooner. Blaze was a tad faster in finishing his tests, but he severely lagged in the difficulty of social sciences and art tests he could choose. His only saving grace was math; even the sixth-year math test did not pose him a challenge while the girl could only solve the fourth-year paper.

It was past noon by the time the two of them finished their tests, almost simultaneously. They gathered up their answer sheets and walked back to the headmistress' room.

"You are done?" the headmistress asked, taking the papers from them. "Why don't you wait outside with miss Alice, while I go through your answers? Alice should've arranged a light lunch for you. You two must be hungry. I will call you when I am done" Fiora replied.

The two angels walked out of the office and found an assortment of sandwiches arranged in a platter on the secretary's table.

"Can I?" Blaze asked Alice, reaching for one of the two plates on the side. He grabbed four half sandwiches of differing contents and beelined for a chair. He was starving.

The girl politely asked the secretary once again and picked up a couple of sandwiches only after she received her nod. She sat a few seats away from Blaze and began to slowly munch on her lunch.

"Is this your first year too?" Blaze asked after a little while. The secretary seemed to be busy shuffling through some documents, so trying to strike up a conversation with the quiet girl was his only option.

The girl looked confused for a moment before she looked at Blaze with a little surprise.

"At Tir? Yes", she replied curtly but politely.

"What do you mean?"

"I did my first year at Balaman academy. It's in Lanoan" she explained, seeing the puzzled expression on his face. Lanoan was a country on the Anoan plateau, to the south of Varan,

"Oh. How old are you?" Blaze wondered out loud. It was hard to imagine her being older than twenty.

"Twenty-nine"

"Oh. I will be twenty in a couple of months. It's nice to meet you. I am Blaze" he replied with a smile. She seemed a little short for her age but so was Elyssa.

"Siofra. Nice to meet you too" the girl replied, sprouting a tiny smile. Her name was pronounced 'sheef-ra'.

"So, what brings you to Varan, Siofra?" he asked after a while.

Siofra gave a tiny pause before she answered.

"Mum is an ambassador. We might be staying in Aranya for a decade or so"

"Oh? That's so cool. Where do you come from? Where else have you been?" Blaze asked, suddenly noticing that her accent was in fact a little different.

"P..." Siofra started, but before she could answer, Fiora's head peeked out of her door.

"Come in, Ms. Siofra" Fiora said, before going back in to her office.

"Good luck" Blaze whispered as she got up and walked in to the principal's office.

Blaze fiddled around for a few minutes before Siofra came out of Fiora's office. She told the secretary that the headmistress wanted to see her, before she looked at Blaze as if unsure about what to say.

"Which year?" Blaze asked her.

"Fourth" she replied softly.

"Good! I hope we can be in the same class" Blaze replied as the secretary came back out. Though the level of tests they took were different in different subjects, Blaze expected himself to be placed in the fourth year as well.

"The headmistress will see you now. Follow me Ms. Siofra, we will get you settled in your new dorm"

Blaze waved her goodbye and stepped into the office with a bad premonition. <em>They weren't going to be in the same dorm? Was he put in a higher grade?</em>

"Have a seat Ms. Blaze" the headmistress said monotonously.

"The duchess has exceptionally extolled your qualities, Ms. Blaze. Honestly, I was a bit skeptical at first, but I must say I am quite satisfied with your performance. Especially, if your strength is in fact on par with your academic ability" she praised him somewhat expressionlessly.

"Thank you. Is it too much to ask to be put in Elyssa's year" Blaze joked. He knew he wasn't going to be placed higher than the sixth.

"No. In fact, you will be starting with the other first years"

Blaze blinked stupidly for a couple of seconds.

"haha. Good joke, headmistress" Blaze started to laugh, but Fiora didn't bat a lid. "You're serious?"

She nodded.

"What? Why? You put the other girl in the fourth year. I belong at least in her grade if not higher" Blaze protested.

"Maybe. If we go by your math scores alone, I can even put you in the seventh year. But you're severely lacking in your social studies. You were actually slightly below 75% in the history part of your test" she replied solemnly.

"But that's easy material. I just have to spend some time reading and I will catch up on it" Blaze replied, regretting not preparing for the exam. He didn't think the principal would be so particular about a placement exam. <em>Maybe cheating off Siofra had not been such a bad idea.</em>

"That may be so. But the academy's role is to provide you with an all-round education, which includes your social skills. I firmly believe that you should spend at least your first year with angels of your age" she replied.

"But you put Siofra in the fourth year. She is only twenty-nine! How am I that different?" Blaze continued his protests. He was finally starting to get annoyed at being considered a child amongst the angels. It was sweet when Jie Er did it, but it wasn't so cool when he was forced by other adults into doing things he did not want to.

"Her situation is unique. Besides, she has already spent her first year of schooling among peers of her own age. In fact, if you pass all your social studies exams, I will allow you to do the same for your next school year. I may have considered placing you with Siofra if all of your tests were above the fourth level, but now my decision has been made" Fiora replied firmly.

Blaze harrumphed and started pouting. There wasn't much else he could do. His only hope was to try and slowly convince the headmistress to let him change classes during the school year.

"There is another matter I need to speak to you about" Fiora said after she gave him a few moments to simmer.

"What?" he replied, more harshly than he intended.

"Your mother sent me a letter about your... uh... issue"

"What did she say?"

"She said that you have a thing on your body, which if not attended to at regular intervals, will cloud your mind. I didn't quite understand it fully, but according to her, you need someone who can take care of it when the need arises" Fiora explained.

"I am not a freaking cripple. I can take care of it myself" Blaze replied brusquely.

"She said that as well. I am not going to get involved unless you want me to. However, I have a background in anatomy and I am quite interested in inspecting this unique organ of yours. Would you mind showing it to me?" she asked with eyes that suddenly sparkled with interest.

Blaze felt his <em>evil</em> grin sprout on his face.

"Sure. But only if you let me switch classes as soon as I pass my social studies exams; even if it is during the middle of the year"

Fiora thought for a moment before she relented with a sigh. In her experience, it was hard for students to switch classes once they made friends. She felt that even if Blaze passed the tests, he wouldn't want to move in the middle of the school year.

"It's a deal"

"Well, come over and sit on my desk. It will be easier for me to look at it. I read it was in the place of your vagina?" Fiora asked, showing emotion for the first time since they met.

Blaze grinned wryly and walked around over to her desk as she pulled back on her chair. He climbed on to her desk and sat in front of her.

He pulled up his shirt a little and waited for Fiora. She gave him an uncertain look and then grabbed his boyshorts and slowly pulled them down his thighs.

His member popped out flaccidly.

"Interesting" she said reaching out a hand to touch it. She paused for a moment and looked at Blaze for confirmation. He nodded, and she gingerly touched him with her finger.

Her touch made his blood rush into his member and it elongated.

"Oh my! It grows! I wonder what the mechanism is? Doesn't seem muscular..."

"It can grow bigger. Just caress it. Don't be too hard though" Blaze encouraged her.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Fiora brushed her long fingers over him. They were cool against his warm member. Blaze reached for her hand and made her wrap her fingers around his girth.

"It feels good if you hold it like that" he replied, trying to sound normal.

She nodded and keeping her hand around him, she reached for his balls with her other hand.

"Be gentle with those. They are more sensitive" he warned her.

"Oh, that must be hard on you" she said slowly feeling the papery texture of his scrotum.

"Meh. You get used to it. The problem is when it gets excited like this. I need another person to calm it down" Blaze said, pointing at his member.

"Hmm" she pondered, gently playing around with his balls, rolling them around and feeling them.

"You know? This is similar to raikin insects. They are bi reproductive, which means they need two of their species to produce an offspring. The positive insect puts its organ in a negative insect and releases its essence into it. This causes reproduction" Fiora muttered, muttering more to herself than explaining to Blaze.

Blaze wasn't used to some of the words she was saying but he got the gist of it. <em>Oh, so not everything in this world is asexual. I wonder how that happened.</em>

"Blaze Er. Have you put this thing into another's vagina?" she suddenly asked him fervidly.

"Many times, and in different angels. That's one of the ways to calm it down" Blaze replied, realizing where this was going.

"Did anything happen to them? Did they hatch an angel because of it?"

"No, of course not"

"Yeah. It makes sense. Angels would be sterile to such a new form of reproduction" Fiora continued speculating.

"You can try it yourself" Blaze suddenly suggested. "That way, you can also get it down before you send me to my dorm"

"Oooh. Maybe so. How do we do it. Are you sure you have not caused anyone to hatch a child?"

"Do I look like I have a kid running around somewhere?"

"Hmmm. I wonder how it feels. I guess I won't know unless I try it. Let's do it Miss Blaze. What do I do?"

"Just let me lead you through it. But for starters, you need to suck on my member" Blaze replied confidently.

"Suck?"

"Yeah... But we can try something else if you don't want to" Blaze replied drawing her closer with her hand.

"No. I will do it" Fiora replied assuredly, and slowly lowered her head to his smaller head. She slightly opened her red lips and planted them on his tip.

She felt the slight flavor of apples, but it was his scent that affected her the most. It stimulated her senses and she suddenly felt awake. A strange yearning sprouted in her mind and body.

She semi consciously enclosed her lips around his head and gave his tip a lick, making Blaze let out a hiss of pleasure. Liking the flavor, she held his member in one hand and gave his tip a few licks with her red tongue, as if it was a lollipop.

Blaze placed his hands on the bun on her head and slowly pushed her down. Fiora glanced up at him with her emerald eyes as she took him in. Blaze stopped pushing when he lightly felt the skin of her throat. He didn't want to choke her yet.

"Hold it firmly with your lips. Don't bite" Blaze told her, moving his hands to her angular cheeks.

He slowly raised her head as she firmly dragged her lips along his length, while looking at him through her bespectacled eyes.

"Just like that" Blaze grunted as he pulled her to his tip.

He pushed her back down, and slowly, she got the hang of it as she went up and down his member. She pushed back his foreskin with her lips and swirled her tongue around his tip. She cupped his balls and gently caressed them.

Finally, Blaze cupped her chin and put a stop to her blowjob. He wanted to do more and he wasn't sure he could hold on much more if she continued. Fiora looked at him quizzically. She was getting intoxicated with his scent and she wanted more.

He raised her head and peered in to her cleavage.

"Can you stand up?" he asked her.

Fiora pushed back her chair and stood up with a hand on her hip. The skin hugging skirt suit tightly clinging on to her, accentuated her perky behind and slim waist.

Blaze's eyes roved over her body and finally landed on her breasts. The top three buttons of her skirt suit were open, giving vision of her adequate cleavage. Blaze reached his fingers for her lower buttons.

"What are you doing?" she asked curiously.

"I need this" Blaze replied. Fiora's inquisitiveness and mounting desire, made her let him continue without further questioning.

Blaze felt the tension in her buttons as he undid them one by one. A black lace bra revealed itself as the shirt spread open. He opened the buttons until her small but deep navel and brushed the shirt off her breasts. He reached for the top of her bra and pulled it down.

Two medium sized but curvaceous pale white breasts popped out, revealing tiny red nipples over a small pink areola. Blaze felt his member popping out of his foreskin as he scooted forwards and pulled her towards him by her waist.

Without much ado, Blaze dove into her breasts, wrapping his arms around her narrow waist.

Contrary to her personality, Fiora gave a tiny squeal of surprise as she felt her nipple and areola being wrapped by his lips. She instinctively placed her hands over his shoulders and he started sucking on her suddenly erect right nipple.

Her reactions made Blaze's mind go rampant. He pulled her close between his legs and wrapped them around her thighs. His hands roved over her butt as he ravenously gorged on her breasts, randomly switching between them without a pattern.

Fiora felt an arousal that she had never felt before and it made her want squeal in delight. However, she controlled her voice even as she failed to control neither her expression of ecstasy nor her hands which rushed through her student's hair. Thankfully, he couldn't see the former.

Her skirt slowly travelled up her butt and Blaze felt the taut but springy cool skin of her butt cheeks. He crushed his hips into her as he squeezed them tightly.

He squeezed them, grasped them, caressed them and spread them apart, all the while continuing to suck on her breasts.

Soon, his hands sneaked into her lace panties and into the warmth of her butt crack. He brushed a finger along her perineum and flicked her butthole as he spread apart her cheeks with his hands.

"Aaah" a moan of pleasure finally escaped Fiora's mouth.

"It's ok to be vocal. It's natural" Blaze reassured her, looking into her lusty eyes.

Fiora gave him a slight nod. Her want was apparent even if she did not want to show it.

Since her moan had broken the spell over him, Blaze decided to take things further. He released her from his grasp and got off the desk. He considered it for a moment before he made her lean on the glass table top.

She rested her upper body on her desk and looked back as Blaze pulled up on the chair behind her. He slowly scooted her skirt up her protruding butt to her waist. He held the rims of her panties with both hands and slowly pulled them down to her knees, revealing a pink slit and an equally pink puckered hole.

"Is this when you put it in?" Fiora asked, trying to sound professional.

"Not yet. The ritual is to slowly build up the arousal, for maximum effect. I am sure those insects have some sort of mating ritual too" Blaze replied in a tone of mock seriousness. Fiora nodded.

He leaned towards her and gave her a long slow lick starting from the base of her vagina to her anus.

"Oooh" Fioras shivered, and her body arched as a tingle ran up her spine.

Blaze went back down and tasted her slit. She was a little sweet and a little bland, almost like an apricot. However, he didn't spend too much time on it and moved to her other hole. He intended to get <em>back</em> at the her for putting him in the first year.

He spread her cheeks apart and planted a fleeting kiss on her puckered hole, before swirling his tongue around on her folds. He gave her a slow vertical lick before he pushed his tongue in.

His tongue was immediately met with resistance, but he wiggled his way in, shoving copious amounts of saliva into her. Fiora did not fully grasp what he was doing, but she liked the soft ministrations of his tongue.

Soon, the unwitting headmistress was lubed up to Blaze's satisfaction. He pulled away from her ass and climbed onto the chair. He stood on his knees and pulled the chair and himself closer to the delectable butt.

"Now, I put it in" he proclaimed loudly.

Fiora peered back at him from under her glasses and slowly nodded, as he placed his cock against her crack. He held her by the protruding bodes of her wide hips and rubbed himself against her for a moment before lining his prick against her anus.

"I don't think that's the right hole!" Fiora exclaimed.

"I know" Blaze replied, pushing the tip in with his thumb.

"Mmph" Fiora groaned and her back arched, as Blaze felt her walls clamping around him.

Her rectum instinctively resisted against his entry, but he had lubed it up enough. He slowly slid in as he pushed with short shoves.

Fiora groaned and arched her back with each shove, and soon Blaze was completely lodged inside her. He placed his right leg over the desk and leaned into her, penetrating a little deeper.

He reached his hands around her and grasped her breasts. He started slowly grinding on her as he massaged her squishy bosom.

Fiora's moans intensified as he steadily ramped up his speed, interspersing the revolutions of his hips with short thrusts. Each thrust elicited a higher pitched squeal, despite her attempts to muffle her voice.

The grinding evolved into fuller thrusts and soon Blaze was loudly humping against her.

Thump Thump Thump, his thighs collided against her butt, as he held her by her long taut stomach.

Blaze's arousal slowly peeked as Fiora felt something build up in the pit of her stomach. She had been enjoying his more than intimate caress, but suddenly she felt a void and a craving deep inside her. <em>Is this what makes those insects procreate?</em> She had always wondered why they went through such an arduous process instead of simply reproducing asexually.

"Headmi.." the door suddenly opened and the secretary's head popped in through the crack of the door.

Fiora who had been moving her body in rhythm with Blaze's, suddenly stopped and her eyes went wide as saucers. Blaze, however, kept going. He was too far in his arousal to stop at the mere presence of a viewer.

"What are you doing?" Alice asked them, as Blaze kept pounding into Fiora. The scene made no sense to the secretary. The headmistress had her breasts out and she sprawled on the table, while the new student seemed to be ramming into her from behind.

"Uh... umm... She is showing me a new wrestling move" Fiora replied dumbly.

Blaze fell against her and came. He had never imagined he'd cum while almost laughing.

"Could you give us a moment? I still have something to discuss with Ms. Blaze" Fiora told her secretary, even as she felt warm jets of thick fluid flow into her rectum.

Alice closed the door and Blaze jutted against Fiora's springy butt in his final throes of ecstasy.

"I think we may have to postpone this for another time" Fiora muttered, after Blaze finished releasing himself into her.

Blaze couldn't help but let out a giggle.

"I think so too" he finally replied, placing his hands on the table and slowly pulling himself out of the headmistress.

He watched her insides stretch out a little as her walls clung onto his retreating member. When his prick finally popped out, a thick globule of semen flowed out with it and trickled down to her slit.

"You should crouch down and let it out" Blaze said, getting off the chair and cleaning his member with a napkin he pulled out of his space ring. He had stocked up on them for <em>emergency</em> purposes.

Fiora considered it for a moment and decided that it was probably the right thing to do.

"Climb on to your desk. I will help you clean" Blaze offered innocently, just as she was about to crouch on the floor.

Fiora looked at him skeptically, but she complied. It was too late to think about respectful behavior with this new student of hers.

Fiora pulled up her skirt and climbed up her desk.

"Spread your butt cheeks apart" Blaze said, as she crouched down on her feet.

Fiora sighed and spread her butt cheeks with her hands, as she felt the fluid inside her slowly trickle down her rectum.

Blaze took his cloth to her ass and cleaned her, albeit a lot slower than required. He was becoming quite the perverted angel. <em>Was it a surprise?</em> He had been quite vanilla on earth.

***

Author's Notes: Siofra is one of the characters who is not going to be involved in any adult scenes (her description should've made that obvious).
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 09|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Comments:</strong> 

A couple of you found similarities with Harry Potter. I didn't intend it, but I am not surprised. Harry Potter and LOTR were my favorite books as a kid. If only I can be as good as either of them. Though, I feel the HP series deteriorated after the fourth book. 

ReaderReaderFic: I never even thought that river otter made good pet until I played ARK. It was a fun game. Ride a T-Rex in tundra with a river otter snuggled around your shoulders for warmth. Doesn't get any better. Haha. I hope you do get one. 

DrasticExplorer: Aren't we all a little perverted? 

Thanks to the others for their wonderful reviews. 

<strong>Is anyone interested in writing a brief synopsis for the novel?</strong> I feel that the one I wrote at the start isn't very good. I'd like to get a synopsis with an outside perspective. Feel free to post something in the comments section. 

<strong>Warning:</strong> There is only one long sex scene in this chapter. Enjoy. 

<strong>MAP:</strong> I am posting it separately. 

<strong>Demons and Angels power order:</strong> Angel &lt; Archangel &lt; Deity &lt; Deva; Demon &lt; Archdemon &lt; Devil &lt; Asura 

*** 

"Have you intimated Ms. Eloa?" Fiora asked Alice, after Blaze called her in. 

Fiora was back to being prim and dignified. As soon as she was done with cleaning up, Fiora had immediately gone back to her initial demeanor. She had thanked Blaze for showing her his condition and asked him to call Alice back into her office. 

"Yes. Ms Siofra has asked me to give you her thanks" Alice responded, as her eyes travelled between Blaze and Fiora. 

"Good. Please show Ms. Blaze to her dorm and then take her to Ms. Eloa. She will take over from there." Fiora told her. 

"It's been a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Blaze. I may be a little busy over the next couple of weeks, but feel free to contact Ms. Alice if you have any troubles or requests. And remember, school is not just a place for studying. Make some friends and have fun. You're already far ahead of your peers" Fiora said, giving him a faint but genuine smile. 

<em>Ohoho. You're gonna regret saying that.</em> Blaze cackled internally as he nodded demurely. 

"Well, off you go then" Fiora waved the two of them out of her office. 

As soon as the door closed behind the two angels, Fiora flopped down to her chair. 

<em>What was that?</em> 

A strong uncontrollable craving had taken over her mind and body; starting with the heat and fullness in her head and slowly intensifying to the pit of her stomach, where she felt a hunger she had never felt before. 

She had just wanted to grab the little twerp and ravage him. She had no practical experience in the matter, but she did have a faint idea of how she could've proceeded to do that. 

<em>Why does this brat have such an effect on me?</em> <em>Is it just because of her member or is there some other reason?</em> <em>Anyway, I have be careful. I can't let myself be overcome by her charm or my desire. Or I will soon be dancing on the tip of her fingers.</em> 

Fiora knew Blaze's type. They were good angels, but also natural trouble makers. They were also good at getting what they wanted, while simultaneously making people feel good for giving it to them. 

She needed to play her role as the headmistress and not allow herself to be led on by Blaze. 

*** 

"Was that really a wrestling move?" Alice asked Blaze, as they walked out of the Registrar's office. 

Blaze, who had been thinking about his episode with the headmistress, was brought out of his reverie. He knew that the principal had enjoyed their little workout and was confident that if he could have a go at her a few more times, he would have her in his palm. 

"I guess you could call it that" Blaze replied ambiguously. 

"It was quite strange. Whatever it is that you were doing, I'd never seen such an expression on anyone, let alone the headmistress." 

"Oh that. Well, the uniqueness of my move is that it makes your opponent not want to fight by making them feel good. That's probably why she had such an expression" Blaze expounded. 

"How is that even possible?" 

"Well, I can show it to you at some point, if you're interested" Blaze responded wryly. 

"Haha. It's ok. I am not into fighting. Come, let me fly you to your dorm" Alice replied, manifesting a couple of pale pink wings. 

Blaze considered it for a moment. He had to reveal his flying capabilities at some point. 

"It's ok, I can fly" Blaze replied, bringing out his own wings 

Alice sucked in a deep breath and was speechless for a moment. 

"Aren't you only twenty?" she asked unbelievingly. 

Blaze nodded. 

"Does the headmistress know?" 

"She should..." Blaze replied, but immediately reconsidered. He had never actually mentioned it. <em>Ely's mom should've brought it up with the headmistress.</em> 

"No wonder you've been given a special admittance. Have they checked the record books? You could be the youngest angel known to fly" said an awestruck Alice. 

"The youngest known angel to have flown lived two millennia ago. She was sixteen" Blaze answered back. He had checked the records. Technically, however, he <em>was</em> the youngest and will probably remain so for a long time to come. 

"Regardless. It's an amazing feat. Come, let me show you around" Alice replied with a sigh. 

She looked at Blaze for confirmation and took to the sky, looking back after she ascended a hundred feet. Though she was expecting it, she was nontheless surprised to find Blaze effortlessly fly up to her. 

"It's really hard to believe" Alice said, as Blaze hovered beside her. The gusts from their wings ruffled each other's hair. 

Blaze's hair had grown past his shoulders. He had wanted to cut it short, but Jie Er had been adamant about it. 'But it is so pretty and dazzling', she had said when he brought it up. <em>Maybe I should learn to make a pony tail.</em> 

After a few moments of admiring him, Alice finally decided to move. She introduced him to a few buildings along the way; the aviary and the stable, the auditorium and the arena. The campus was immense and the distance between each building was quite big, with sprawling gardens, orchids and groves occupying the land between them. 

Soon, they spotted six burgundy colored brick buildings symmetrically arranged in a hexagonal shape and spread over an area of a few acres. Each building was located at the center of each section of the hexagon and was surrounded by trees, play grounds, pools, gazebos and solitary benches. It was quite lavish. 

"These are the first-year dorms" Alice replied, waving her arm over the entire area, once they landed at the foremost building. 

It was a large three storied Victorian building with massive arched windows and doorways. Creepers with beautiful multi colored flowers adorned the building and it seemed like the plants knew to avoid the windows and doors. 

"There are six different classes in each year. You've been assigned to Class1A and this is your dormitory. We don't have much time, so I won't show you inside. The matron will help you after you get back from your classes" Alice explained. 

"How many students are there in each class?" Blaze asked, a little daunted by the extravagance. <em>Is it because of the long life-span of the angels?</em> He wondered. 

"Around sixty in each class. I assure you, these are the best dorms in the western Heavenly union", Alice replied, misunderstanding the reason for his befuddlement. 

Blaze simply nodded. 

"Time to head to the Lecture building. I don't want you to miss your next lecture" Alice said, after giving Blaze a moment to take it in. 

Soon, they made their way to a nonagon structure, a few thousand feet away from the dorms. Tir academy seemed to love its symmetry. 

It was a single storied building with nine faces and a circular central plaza that spanned a hundred yards. It seemed like the nine sections were assigned for each year of angel schooling. Blaze was elated. It meant that Elyssa wouldn't be too far from him. 

They landed in the plaza and Alice took him through the doorway with 'Year One' etched in large golden letters. They walked through the hallway and reached the teachers' section. It was a big area, with a common lounging space surrounded by the teachers' offices. 

Alice knocked on a door with the name Eloa Alto etched on it. An older angel in a long red gown opened the door. 

"Ms. Alice! I've been waiting for you two. I am little late for my class. Is this Ms Blaze?" Eloa asked, peering at Blaze with curious but gentle eyes. 

Eloa looked like a human female in her mid-thirties. She had bright turquoise eyes with dark red hair tied up in a bun at the top. She had lightly tanned skin, a pleasant round face, small mouth with red lips and a cute snub nose. 

Though long, her crimson gown with was split on both sides at the hips to reveal her smooth but strong looking legs. She looked quite sexy, but Blaze had no interest in someone who could be considered a grandmother amongst the angels. 

"Hello" Blaze replied shyly. 

"Hello, young one. I will take her from here, Ms. Alice. Thank you" Eloa said quickly and took Blaze's hand to lead him to his new classroom. 

"Good luck with your first day of school, Ms. Blaze" Alice shouted to their backs. 

*** 

"Ms. Blaze, I am your homeroom teacher, Eloa Alto. I will be in charge of your class this year, and I would really like to chat and get to know you better. However, we have to drop you off at your class and I have to head to Class C for their Math Lecture. I am already late. I hope you forgive me for my hastiness" Eloa said as she rushed him through the corridors. 

"It's ok, Mon Eloa. You can just call me Blaze or Blaze Er" 

Soon, they reached their destination and Eloa opened the door to a huge auditorium styled classroom. Sixty young angels and a teacher turned their heads towards them. 

"Seshat, I apologize for the intrusion. We have a new student and I didn't want her to miss any more classes" Eloa said to the teacher standing in front of a wide blackboard. 

"It's ok, Min Eloa" 

Blaze looked around and his worst fears were confirmed. His classmates were essentially starry-eyed kids that looked to be around twelve to thirteen years old. They all looked at Blaze with naÃ¯ve and curious eyes. 

"Kids! Meet Blaze Er Lokra. She is a little late because of some special circumstances. Please be kind to her and help her out if needed. I hope you can all become good friends. I will talk to you later in the evening or tomorrow morning"" Eloa said to the class. 

When she got a nod of affirmation from them, she took her leave and left in a hurry. 

"Have a seat, Ms. Blaze" Seshat told him softly as Blaze stood there in his misery. She took his hesitation as shyness. 

Blaze had come to the academy with the hope of meeting a classroom full of potential <em>friends</em>. Now he was stuck with either kids or teachers. <em>Stupid principal Fiora.</em> 

Blaze gave her a slight nod and walked up the central stairs. It was a big classroom with around a hundred chairs arranged in a semi-circular shape around a stage and the blackboard. 

Blaze chose a middle row chair with no students in the vicinity and sat down grumpily. Seshat gave Blaze a couple of moments to settle down before she resumed her lecture. 

"As I was saying, the rise of the Hela empire began approximately seven hundred and fifty years ago. Before its rise, the demons had been routed to the southern and western shores of Azra-El. Now, they occupy almost half of the continent. Can anyone tell me what spurred this rise and change?" Seshat asked the class. The well sounded auditorium allowed for her crystalline voice to travel freely around the classroom. 

Blaze who had been wallowing in his misfortune, finally noticed his history teacher. He immediately wondered how he had missed her in the first place. She was a stunner. 

Seshat was an exorbitantly curvy angel with honey colored skin and sleek midnight black hair that was parted in the middle and flowed down her narrow waist to her wide hips. She was shorter than Jie Er but she looked to be around her age 

She wore a top made from thin golden coins, interconnected on a narrow strip of white silk that hung from her slim neck. The strips of gold gradually widened to slightly cover her plump but pear-shaped breasts that hung freely under her top. 

The two strips met at a ruby center right above her cavernous belly button and split once more to around her waist and latch on to her golden loincloth's belt at the end of her tailbone. 

The two-inch-wide loincloth belt and the loincloth itself were made from inter connected golden coins and hung low on her waist, revealing her hips and the upper creases of her groin. A thin gauze like silken white cloth, held in place by the belt, was wrapped tightly around her pert butt and the back of her thighs. 

A flexible golden circlet adorned her hair and forehead, and a tear shaped ruby hung from its center to embellish the space between her dark crescent shaped eyebrows. Golden bangles, armlets, anklets and heels with interconnecting golden chains decorated her thin arms and lustful legs. 

Her dark green eyes within a clear white background were sketched in pitch black mascara, accentuating her long and heavy lashes. She had a strong and perfect greek nose and auburn colored plump bow shaped lips. 

"Hela becoming the queen of the demons?" a purple haired angel in the first row answered, bringing Blaze out of his brief daze. 

<em>I guess History will be my new favorite subject.</em> 

"Good answer. Hela became a Devil at an age of two hundred. She defeated eleven demon lords to be accepted as the supreme ruler of the demons. However, that was only the beginning. I am looking for something else. Something that gave them the ability to conquer land and expand" Seshat replied and looked around for more responses. 

"Was it because of Hela becoming an Asura?" a girl on Blaze's right conjectured. 

"No. That was later in the war. It helped her consolidate her position, but it was more a consequence of Hela's rise rather than the war itself" Seshat repsonded. 

"The Pixie betrayal!" Blaze heard a raspy voice from behind. Her voice was soft, but he could hear the venom in it. He turned around and spotted a tall kid with boyish short pink hair. Her bangs were parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the left of her cheek. 

"What's your name, child?" Seshat gently asked the girl. 

"Rachel" she replied defensively. 

"Rachel. Are you saying the pixies betrayed the angels or the demons betrayed the pixies?" Sashet asked the girl. 

"What difference does it make? My mum says that it was the pixie's fault that the angel's lost so much ground. If not for them, the demons would've never even dared to wage a war against us" Rachel replied angrily. 

"You aren't entirely wrong, dear girl. Before the war started, the pixies started trading with the demons. The demons made a plea for the wheat that grows in abundance in the Mesa river basin, popularly known as the pixie lands. The pixie queen, Clarion Milori, accepted a trade deal and soon the demons had numerous trade routes into the pixie lands. When Hela came into power, she used these routes to take over the western side of the Mesa river. Once she ensured a steady and safe source of supplies, the demons were able to run over the western Fairy lands and push back the Xian empire into the confines of the Laya mountains" Sashet explained. 

"So, the establishment of trade routes with the Pixies was primary reason behind the rise of the Hela empire. However, calling the Pixies traitors is doing injustice. In hindsight, they might seem foolish in allowing the demons to roam freely within their lands. Bu can you fault them for being compassionate? The lands the demons occupied before the war were not fertile and produced very little. Can you say that it is un-angelic to show compassion to another creature? The questions you must ask are what you would have done if you were in the place of the pixies. Can you call yourself an angel if you can easily ignore a creature in need? You can say that you should've been more careful. But that's easy to say in hindsight. In those days, the way the demons ultimately used the trade routes was not apparent" 

"You say it as if the pixies weren't in cahoots with the demons. Why is it that the pixies were the only angels to be spared? They killed off most of the fairies and so many of the Xian were slaughtered while being driven out of their lands" Rachel retorted. 

"I can't say I know the answer to that question, Rachel. But no angel can claim that she does. Maybe the fairies and the Xian angels were killed because it was considered an act of war. Maybe the demons felt guilty about killing those who provided them assistance in good faith, thus sparing the pixies. Or maybe some of the pixies were in fact in the hands of the demons. But it is not right to demonize the entire pixie race. Imagine if the Queen of Aranya made such a mistake and all of Aranya's angels were ostracized for it" Seshat tried to mollify Rachel's loathing for the pixies. 

Rachel grumbled and put on a pout, but she did not offer an argument. Seshat continued her story and gave them a brief account of what happened during the war. 

<em>Ting -- a -- ling -- ling.</em> 

A bell rang from somewhere just as Seshat finished her tale; signaling the end of the class. Her voice and the way she spoke were enchanting and only the bell had managed to bring the students out of her spell. 

"I guess that's it for today. Since it is the first day of school, I wanted to start off with something interesting. From tomorrow, we'd have to follow the school schedule and start learning from ancient history. As for your homework, I want you all to write a short passage on what you think you'd have done if you were put in the place of the pixies. It's just for fun. I won't grade your answers, but I expect you all to submit your answers by the Morndas. Have fun! I will see you tomorrow" Seshat finished and took her leave. 

Blaze watched her graceful behind as she sensuously walked out of the class. 

<em>Was it a war for resources?</em> The demons seemed to have been in a pretty dire situation before the war. They had been confined to a land that was mostly desert or cold or unfertile. Even now, almost half of the Hela empire was the uninhabitable Infernal desert. 

"Hello!" a cheerful voice surprised Blaze out of his thoughts. 

"I am Aahna and this is Bi. You're Blaze, right? Weird name. Where are you from? How come you weren't here over the weekend? We had a lot of fun and got to know everyone. Even students from other classes", the voice babbled on when Blaze looked at her. 

The voice belonged to a cute violet haired girl with a round face and large pale blue eyes, which contrasted against her pale brown skin. She had a cheerful expression and seemed to be brimming with energy. 

She was accompanied by a lanky black-haired girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes and a shy countenance. Her hair was long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She seemed to be having trouble with looking Blaze in the eye. 

However, they weren't alone. Blaze suddenly found himself being ambushed by a gaggle of teenage angels. 

They were of different heights but all of them seemed to be shorter than him. If one went by their general appearance and not their heights, they looked to be around 12-13 years old. It made Blaze wonder why anyone thought that he was the same age as them. He looked a little younger than he had been on earth but not by that much. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"Sup! You could say I am from Varan. As for getting to know you all, I am sure that will happen soon" Blaze replied with a smile. If he was going to be around them day in and day out, he might as well get to know them. 

"Sup?" Bi questioned his choice of words. 

"It's a way of greeting" 

"Sup! I like it. Where is it from?" Aahna asked. 

"Somewhere far away. All the cool kids used it. And I was the coolest of them all" Blaze replied, donning a mock expression of coolness. 

"Cool kids?" 

"Never mind. What are your names?" Blaze asked, turning to the others. 

"Sara, Arjana, Moana, Kida, Gloria, Leia" the bunch that surrounded him introduced themselves. 

Blaze had always been surprised by the diversity of angels' features. Now, it was even more apparent. If they were on earth, they could've easily represented most of the continents. 

"So, what's today's schedule? What did I miss?" Blaze asked, turning back to Aahna after he acknowledged each of them. 

"You missed Math, Literature and Art. We have Geography and Physics left. Then we have a Tea break and the Pegasi flying class. I am really excited about it. My mom never let me ride one before. I wa..." 

"Did you get a schedule for the week? Where can I get one?" Blaze interjected, before she could go off on another rant. The girl seemed quite garrulous. 

"Yeah. We have it in our dorm. Did you get to see your room yet? Mine's the fourth one on the second floor. I ..." 

"No. I only saw our dorms from the outside. So where are y'all from?" Blaze interrupted her again. The girl didn't seem to care. 

He chatted with the girls for the next few minutes before the Geography teacher walked in, forcing the angels to go back to their seats. She was an older brunette and seemed to be focused on simply getting on with her lecture. 

Blaze tried to pay attention, but it was too basic for him to keep focus. Soon, his mind wandered, and he started thinking about the war, the Hela empire and his hot History teacher. 

He brought out a map of Azra El from his space ring and looked at the locations of the places he had heard in the history class. The pixie lands and the Mesa basin were to the far south of the continent. The Inoan plateau separated Aranya from the Mesa basin. 

The fairy lands had once occupied the northwest region beside the Koram Mountain range. The Xian empire was currently confined to the mountains to the north of Aranya and the purple sea, but they had once occupied a land five times their current size. 

The Physics class was as boring as Geography. 

<em>Why the freak do I have to sit through this?</em> 

He pulled out a book on Civics and started reading it. Besides History, it was one of the subjects he may have failed in. 

"Hey you! Can you pay attention?" Blaze suddenly heard an irritated voice. He looked up and spotted the teacher, whose name was Edna something, giving him a glare. 

"I am sorry teach. I love Physics, but I am way ahead of this material. I am only here because I failed in social studies and the headmistress thinks I should hang out with kids my own age. It's pointless for me to listen about how to calculate the speed of an object when I can solve optimization problems in wing dynamics" Blaze spoke up politely. 

Edna was startled for a moment before she wrestled the idea of asking him a question. 

"Ok. I will let you quietly read your book for today, but I need to confirm this with your class teacher" Edna replied strictly. 

Blaze nodded. Edna gave him an appraising look before going back to her teaching. 

*** 

Physics, the last class of the day, ended at 4 in the afternoon and Blaze followed the rest of the class to the school cafeteria. Apparently, each year had its own. 

The cafeteria had three entrances and as he walked, he saw the first years from other classes flooding in through the other doors. Soon, the place was filled with three hundred odd students. 

The cafeteria was a huge space with massive twenty-person hard wood tables and benches arranged in neat rows. Some of the kids in his class mingled with the other first years, but since Blaze hadn't even familiarized with the students from his own class, he joined Aahna and her quieter friend Bi's table. 

He sat a few feet away from them and tried to make casual conversation with the angels who joined them. The kids were pleasant enough, but he couldn't help but feel out of place. 

Soon, a bunch of adult angels arrived with food carts and started serving them tea, hot cider and coconut flaked biscuits. He chose the aromatic cider, but he asked his neighbor for a taste of her tea. 

The piping hot cider was thick and sweet with a slight tanginess that titillated his taste buds, each sip sending a comfortable warmth down his throat and stomach. 

The tea was clear and pale amber in color with an aromatic fusion of orange, cardamom and ginger. The smell alone made him feel wide awake and he quickly struck a deal of sharing half of his cider for half of the girl's tea. 

The coconut biscuits seemed to go well with the latter. 

His class stayed in the cafeteria for about half an hour before Aahna stood up and called them out for their Pegasi class. She had apparently been made the temporary class representative by Eloa. 

They made their way out of the cafeteria and Blaze spotted a few envious glances. Since Blaze and his classmates belonged to Class 1A, they got to attend the first Pegasi class of the year. Class 1E and 1F had theirs on Friday morning and evening respectively. 

Aahna and Bi led their class out of the Lecture building and took the paved pathways through the gardens to the aviary Blaze had seen earlier in the morning. 

As they neared their destination, Blaze was hit with the smell of horses and hay. They combined with other rustic smells of the aviary and the surrounding, making it quite pleasant. 

At the entrance of the aviary was a large seven-foot-tall angel, standing beside a magnificent looking white and brown Pegasus. 

The white-haired angel was large, but it was because she was big boned. She did not seem to have an ounce of fat on her. She was sinewy and exuded innate strength. Blaze was immediately reminded of Brija. 

Her white hair was cut short into a boy cut with a lock of hair swept to the side. She had strong angular features and piercing grey eyes that did not make anyone want to mess with her. Her lips were painted crimson and her brows were dark and thin with an angular arch in the middle. 

She had strong muscular legs with wide hips and a slim waist. She wore a pair of brown leather boots with thigh high black socks. Her arms were covered with long bicep length cloth gloves. 

She wore a simple pair brown boyshorts and a tightfitting half top that tightly held on to a decent sized bust that was only diminished by her size. She also wore a black leather harness that wrapped around her like a web; making her figure look both hot and dangerous. 

Just like her master, the Pegasus was also a grand creature. It was one of the largest pegasi he had seen; its head reaching a height of almost eight feet. Blaze wondered how it would feel to be run over by it, either in midair or on the ground. 

"Good afternoon angels!" the woman's voice reverberated and immediately quietened the chattering angels. 

"I am Claudis Falhoffnir and this is my partner Gyllir. She is neither my pet nor my friend! She is my partner" Claudis said with a hoarse commanding voice, and gave a pause for her words to sink in. 

<em>Why does her name feel familiar? Maybe some myth from Earth.</em> 

"She obeys my commands, but I also listen to her instincts. If I am alive and teaching you today, it is because of this mutual relationship of respect. You will all strive to build this sort of a relationship with you own Pegasi. It may take some time, but I won't have any of you slacking off. If you are here just to have a merry time, feel free to leave my class and learn the art of Pegasi riding from somewhere else. Though I don't expect to make you all into knights, you will become as good as any knight has ever been at your age. Is that clear?" Claudis said with authority and strictness. 

Though most of them had not known that the class was optional, they all nodded in response. Blaze was convinced that Claudis had a military background. 

"Now head into that building and grab a harness. You will find them in the first room on the right. Don't make a mess" she commanded them. 

Aahna took lead and the rest followed her into a building adjacent to the stable. The room contained a bunch of harnesses hung on twenty odd racks. The students quickly fell into a line and grabbed a harness each. Blaze picked a black one. 

"Can anyone tell me why we need the harnesses?" she asked, once they gathered back in front of her. 

"Because we can't fly?" someone in the front guessed. 

Since he was the tallest among the students, Blaze stood at the back. Rachel, the pink haired girl from the History class, stood beside him. She was only an inch or so shorter and Blaze caught her surreptitiously measuring herself against him. He couldn't help but give her a supercilious look. 

"Yes, that's reason enough for you lot. But a Pegasi knight always goes into a fight with a harness. Do you think it is because they can't fly?" Claudis asked again. 

Rachel raised her hand. 

"Yes?" 

"To not get separated from you Pegasus. If you get knocked off" Rachel answered concisely. 

"Correct. So, don't think you wouldn't need these once you've grown your wings. Get into your harnesses. It should be straightforward. Help each other if necessary" 

Rachel put it on with practiced deftness, but Blaze fumbled around before he finally managed to fasten it around himself. 

"This strap should be higher on the shoulder and you should tighten it a little more over here" Rachel said pleasantly, adjusting the strap over his shoulders and tightening the belt around his waist. It suddenly fit a lot more snugly. 

He raised a brow at her in surprise. Her opinions on the pixies had made him assume that she was unpleasant one. 

"Thanks" he muttered. 

"You're welcome. I am Rachel, by the way", she told him in friendly manner. 

"Yeah. I remember you from class. Have you ridden a Pegasus before?" Blaze asked her back. 

"Yep. Been riding them since I was nine. Mother is a knight captain in the Cloud Nine regiment. I want to follow in her footsteps. I love Pegasi. What about you?" she replied with pride. 

"I think they are cool, but I hope to ride a Quetzal one day" Blaze replied. 

"Haha. I would love to do that as well. As a kid, I dreamt of being a Quetzal knight. It's too bad that we can't tame them" she replied with a friendly laugh. 

"Maybe that will change" 

"I hope it does. The cavalry currently experiences the highest rate of casualties because of the lack of Quetzals on our side. Mother says that the Quetzals maybe evil creatures and can only be trained by the demons. Something about a resonance of energies. I hope it's not true" 

Blaze nodded, and a thought suddenly struck him, making him fall silent. 

<em>Am I evil?</em> Sky has never been too friendly with anyone except me. 

<em>That can't be. He is slowly getting used to the others, isn't he? Besides, I don't really have any thoughts or ambitions that can be considered evil.</em> 

<em>What about lust?</em> 

"Good. Now follow me" Claudis shouted, bringing Blaze out of his reverie. All the students had finally managed to don the harnesses. 

Claudis turned around and walked into the stable. Gyllir followed her without any explicit instruction. 

The stable was massive and housed a hundred Pegasi of varying colors in large roomy stalls; big enough to stretch their wings. They noticed the presence of the students but paid them no mind. 

Claudis led them to six saddled Pegasi tied to the right of the entrance and a couple of them gave her a friendly neigh as she approached. 

"These ones are the friendliest of the lot. They are docile and won't give you any trouble. However, once you learn the basics, each of you will be assigned a Pegasus. You will not only learn to fly them but also create a bond with them. Now, watch closely" Claudis said, grabbing Gyllir's reins. 

She held the horse by the saddle horn, put a leg on the stirrup and deftly jumped up on to the Pegasi's back. Blaze noticed that the saddles were a little higher on the back when compared to normal horses. 

"This is where you attach the harness" Claudis said, clasping her harness to a rope and hook at the back of the saddle. 

"If you get knocked off, the rope extends up to twenty feet. This makes sure that you don't get tangled with your Pegasi's wings. Gyrill, UNFURL" Claudis said out loud. 

The Pegasi immediately unfurled its massive fifteen-foot wings. They were a dusky brown with white along the edges. 

"There are two common positions for sitting on a Pegasi. The first is casual seating. You can sit normally with your legs hanging on the sides and in front of the wings. You can ride this way, if your pegasus is on the ground or if you're flying it in a glide. Glide is when your pegasus is not exerting itself and only has to flap its wings to keep the elevation steady. Does that make sense?" Claudis explained. 

She waited for their affirmation before she continued. 

"The second position is used when you are in a Swift or a Dash and always when you're in a fight. You hold onto the horn of the saddle, lean forward and sit on your knees, like this" 

Glide, swift and dash seemed to be the Pegasi terms comparable to a horse's trot, canter and gallop. 

Claudis folded her knees and placed her shins over Gyrill's wings. She held the saddle horn with one hand, hugged the saddle tightly with her shins and raised her large protruding large butt high up in the air like a jockey. However, the arch of her back was more pronounced, and the sight of her figure stirred something within Blaze. <em>Hehehe. More options!</em> 

"We will get to this later" Claudis said, coming back to her first position. "For today, you will learn to climb a Pegasi and give it basic instructions. You can also take them around for a short walk. I need six volunteers for the first round" she said, finally sprouting a smile. 

Claudis wasn't surprised to find an abundance of volunteers, so she picked out six students at random. 

By the time the sixty angels had finished trying out the horses and taking them for a walk, the sun had begun to set. Though there were a few who seemed to have previously ridden a Pegasi, most of them were first timers like Blaze. 

However, the Pegasi were gentle and forgiving. By the end of the day, though they didn't get to fly, they were all happy and satisfied. 

"That's it for today, angels. Do you have any questions?" Claudis asked after the last group of angels came back with their Pegasi. 

Blaze waited for a few random questions to fly around before he raised his hand. 

"Yes?" 

"Do you think flying a Quetzal is different from flying a Pegasus?" Blaze asked. 

Claudis was a little surprised but she considered it for a moment before she replied with a smile. 

"I cannot be sure. I believe some of the basics will be similar, but there will also be a lot of things that you may have to do differently. Their body structures are quite different. However, I am positive that learning to fly a Pegasus will help you if you ever manage to get a Quetzal to let you ride her" Claudis replied with a knowing smile. 

A chuckle went around among the students. Most of them had wished to ride a Quetzal at some point in their lives. 

*** 

Blaze walked back to the dorm with a new motivation for his Pegasi lessons. 

"Are you an honor student?" he suddenly heard Aahna ask from his side. 

Blaze looked at her contemplatively before he answered, "I guess so. Why do you ask?" 

"It's just a guess. You came late, and you told Ms. Edna that you were ahead of the syllabus" she replied. 

When they walked into their dorm they were greeted by an elderly looking grey haired angel, waiting for them in the spacious living room at the entrance. Blaze guessed her to be over three hundred and fifty years old. She was dressed in a conservative white and gray dress and had a no-nonsense vibe about her. 

The living room was a large comfortable area with multiple brick fire places, lounging couches, tables, chairs, and sofas scattered around in an easy but neat fashion. The walls were covered with landscape paintings, interspersed with a few portraits and mythological depictions. 

The place seemed to have been lived in over the weekend. Blaze spotted a couple of board games and other doodads scattered around. 

"Welcome back, angels. I hope the first day of your school was as exciting as you'd hoped" the matron said warmly, as the last of the students entered the building. 

A bunch of happy replies went around before the matron spoke again. 

"Good. Now hurry along to your showers. We've made a special meal to celebrate your first day. I expect you all to be at the dining room by seven sharp" she said, scooting at them with her hand. 

Blaze paused for a moment before sheepishly walking up to her, as the rest of them hurried over to their rooms. 

"Ah! You must be the talented Ms. Blaze Er Lokra. I've been waiting for you. How was your day? I hope Tir has been everything you've expected" she said, once she spotted him 

"Hello. I already love the place. You are?" 

"I am Ilona Kuznik. You can just call me matron. I will be taking care of you over the course of the year. Do you have anything you wish to ask before I take you to your room?" 

"umm. About the showers... I have a condition..." Blaze started uncomfortably. 

Showering in the same place as a bunch of teenage girls did not sit right with him, even if the angels of Azra-El did not have any such inhibitions. No one pranced around naked, but the angels were a lot more comfortable with their bodies than humans. 

"Yes, I've been notified. I've arranged for you a larger room with a tub. The room was originally intended for nobility, but I guess we can use it in this circumstance. Now if you will follow me" Ilona replied, turning around and leading him to the stairs. 

Blaze followed her to the third floor. 

"Won't the others feel wronged about my room?" Blaze asked as they walked along the hallway. They ran into a few students on their way to their showers, but no one paid them much attention. 

"Envy is not something an angel should cultivate, dear girl. However, I'd suggest you to be circumspect about showing off your room. If you are found out, just tell them it's a personal issue that requires its facilities, unless you're fine with revealing your condition" Ilona finished as they reached the end of the corridor. 

The door of the room was the same as every other room, but a keen observer could make out the extra space even from the outside. 

Ilona opened the door and invited Blaze in. 

It was a large twenty by twenty feet room, with a queen-sized curtained bed. The sheets were white, clean and fresh, with a bunch of soft comfortable pillows arranged at the head. A light smell of daffodils permeated the room and it made Blaze feel relaxed. 

A mahogany almirah with a mirror stood on the right and a table with a chair sat near the large Victorian window with frilly curtains. Blaze could tell that the view was going to be splendid. 

A decent sized ceramic tub and shower was placed beside the almirah, with a couple of absorbent mats on either side. The tub was surrounded by a shower curtain to prevent water from spilling out. 

"It's perfect. Thank you!" Blaze exclaimed. The room was more than he could've asked for. He suddenly felt guilty about plotting against the headmistress. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"I am glad you like it. It really isn't that different from the other rooms. Just a little more space and the extra tub. Leave the laundry in a basket. The cleaners will collect it when they come to clean your room on Morndas and Tirdas. If you don't need anything else, I will take my leave. Take a shower and join us for dinner. My room is on the first floor. Feel free to approach me with any issue you may have" the matron replied. 

Blaze nodded, and Ilona left, closing the door behind her. 

Blaze immediately turned on the knobs and started filling the tub with hot water. He went to the window, shoved the curtains aside and opened its glass pane. 

He was beheld by a superb view of the gardens under the twilight. A cool refreshing breeze blew in through the window. Blaze relished it for a moment before he chucked his clothes to the side and jumped into the hot waters of the tub. 

*** 

The next couple of days went by rather quickly for Blaze as he got used to the academy. The classes proceeded smoothly as the teachers got a note about Blaze's aptitudes from the headmistress. They let him read whatever he wanted during science and math classes. 

He got to know the students in his class, but he did not make any attempt at becoming friends. Though the teen angels were nice enough, they were a noisy bunch that loved to chatter. 

So once the classes were over, Blaze mostly kept to himself and patiently hoped for the week to end so that he could once again hang out with Elyssa. However, a call from Elyssa on Middas evening dashed his hopes. 

"Blaze! How do you like Tir? Sorry for not calling you earlier. I was out of range for the VP" Blaze heard Elyssa's sweet voice from the jade in his hand. 

"It would've been amazing if I wasn't placed in year one. Where did you go?" Blaze replied. 

"Just travelling with mom along the border. She told me to say hello. What's wrong with being in year one? You can finally make friends close to your own age" Elyssa said half seriously. 

"Not you too, Ely. They're all little brats!" Blaze protested. 

"You're the little brat! You do realize that you're actually younger than them, right?" 

"You know what I mean. When are you coming Ely?" Blaze sighed. He didn't feel like quibbling with her at the moment. 

"Oh? You miss me, little Blaze?" Elyssa joked. 

"Of course, I do" Blaze replied bluntly, against Elyssa's expectations. 

Elyssa went silent for a moment before her voice returned in a softer tone. 

"I am sorry Blaze. Mom's been a little busy and we haven't been able to complete my training. It may take a couple more weeks before I can get there. I will try to come as soon as I can. I promise" Elyssa replied, sounding apologetic. 

"It's ok, Ely. I understand. Take your time. You have to win the tournament this time. You won't get a chance once <em>I</em> start participating" Blaze joked, but the disappointment in his voice was not lost on Ely. 

The two of them chatted for a little while longer before they hung up. 

Whether it was due to the frustration of being placed in a class that he didn't belong or whether it was because of the knowledge of Elyssa's delay in arrival, Blaze woke up the next morning feeling a little edgy. 

So, when the first class of the day ended, and his fellow classmates started chatting loudly and incessantly, it started getting on Blaze's nerves. This was intensified by the effectiveness of the auditorium style classroom. 

He patiently tolerated through the morning but when they returned from lunch and they once again started to ramble, Blaze couldn't take it anymore. 

"OK. SHUT UP!" he stood up at his seat and shouted. 

The class instantly quietened, and all the angels looked at him a little taken aback. Blaze hadn't intended to lose his temper like that, but since it was already done, he decided to wing it. 

"Alright, you lot. Listen up. You're making too much noise. We need to have some rules. No talking in the breaks between classes. Use the time to think about what you've just learned or take a nap. It will be good for you. If you really need to talk, talk in hushed voices. Not more than a few people at once. Are we clear?" Blaze said in a commanding tone, trying to imitate Claudis. 

Most of the students were too dumbstruck to say anything, but it was Rachel who was usually the quieter one who took the initiative to talk back. 

"And why do you think you can order us around? Just cause you're an honor student?" she asked snappily. 

"No. Because I am stronger than all of you. MUCH STRONGER" Blaze replied slowly, enunciating each word. 

It was a lame reason, but it was effective enough. Angels had a cultural respect for the strong and the elderly. 

However, Rachel wasn't the one to be easily scared. 

"Oh? You are quite confident, aren't you? Why don't we have a match?" she replied threateningly. 

Blaze considered it for a moment. He didn't mind fighting with the angels, but he wasn't the one to beat up little kids. So, he did the next best thing. He materialized his wings. 

Jaws dropped as sharp and loud gasps went around the classroom. Rachel went quiet, and silence prevailed for a few moments. 

"Aren't you the same age as us?" Bi asked him from the front. 

"Probably" Blaze replied. 

The class went silent again. 

"Can I touch them?" Aahna suddenly asked him. 

Blaze wanted to say no but once he looked at her googly sparkling brown eyes, he could only relent. 

It turned out to be a mistake. 

Aahna let out a little squeal of excitement, rushed to him and immediately started brushing his feathers. 

"Soooo pretty and fluffy too" she exclaimed joyously. 

And before Blaze realized it, he was swarmed by the rest of the class. 

Blaze gave up and sat down exasperated with his chin on his hand and let his wings be molested by sixty ravenous teen angels. <em>At least it's quieter.</em> 

*** 

When Seshat entered the class a few minutes later, she was confronted with the sight of the whole class petting a beautiful pair of red and white wings. Her first thought was that a senior student was visiting but then she recognized the angel in question. 

Her mind went blank. The students noticed the presence of their teacher and they slowly but reluctantly moved away from Blaze. 

"Does the headmistress know?" Seshat suddenly asked Blaze, coming to her senses. She could sense the student's youth, so there was no way she was an older student in the wrong class. 

"I think so..." 

"What do you mean?" 

"I never expressly told her. But my recommender should have notified her" Blaze replied. 

"I will send her a note. All of you get back to your seats. You can fawn on her wings later" Seshat replied, composing herself. 

The students went back to their seats and Seshat continued her class as normal. Blaze, however, started wondering about Seshat's reaction. <em>Did the headmistress not know? Maybe I should visit her.</em> He needed proper training in his fighting skills even if he was forced to slow down in his academics. 

Suddenly, his mind went off in a tangent and an unrelated idea popped up. 

The rest of the class dragged on as Blaze waited for the class to end. When the bell finally rang and Seshat took her leave, Blaze hastily got up and rushed after her through the door. 

"Hey teach!" Blaze called out to her. 

Seshat, who was already a few paces away from the classroom, paused and turned around. 

"Yes, dear?" she asked him, as he ran up to her. 

"umm... can I make a request?" Blaze asked her diffidently. 

"Of course, what is it?" she replied kindly. 

"I am not sure how much you know about my situation, but I believe I am supposed to be in the fourth year. The level of my math and sciences put me past the sixth and fifth years. However, I haven't really put much time in history and other social studies. That's the only reason I am in first year. I am learning a lot in your class, but I think I am wasting time in my other classes. I want switch years as soon as I can. Do you think you could spare me some time and help me with History?" Blaze asked in a rush. 

Seshat looked at him curiously and considered it for a moment. 

"Blaze, you can visit me during the study hours, but I can't really show you preferential treatment. I can't put more time on you just because you're smarter. It won't be fair on the others" Seshat replied. 

Blaze was at a loss for words. He hadn't expected such a denial. 

"umm... look, teach. I am already studying on my own. I just need a little guidance. As you make it clear in your classes, understanding History the right way is important. I don't want to make the wrong conclusion by studying it on my own" Blaze tried to convince her. 

"Even so..." 

"How about a trade, teach? Then it won't be unfair on the others!" Blaze said, trying to sound as if the idea only popped up in his head. 

"Trade?" she asked him. She didn't think a trade would make it any better, but it piqued her curiosity. 

"I've invented a new type of ... umm... massage. It feels amazing. Whenever I feel like I need help with the subject, I will give you a massage. You can help me for services rendered. I can promise you that it will feel really good. If it doesn't, you don't have to teach me" 

Seshat wanted to say no but she was really moved by her student's dedication. Though she felt that Blaze might be a naughty angel, he didn't seem arrogant and she could discern his desire to learn. All the other teachers mentioned that he was constantly reading something or the other, despite being ahead of his peers. 

"Ok. Come by my office after your last class. We will give it a try. I want to get the headmistress's permission. But it should be fine for today" Seshat relented with a smile. She just happened to love massages. 

"Thanks, teach. I will see you later" Blaze replied and hastily skipped back to class, as if he feared that Seshat might change her mind. 

Seshat smiled wryly at his performance and went back to her office. She had a break between consecutive lectures. 

*** 

Despite his actions before the History class not going according to what he had intended, the students seemed to have come to a tacit understanding. Though they did not seem anywhere close to being afraid of Blaze, they did quiet down and did not make too much noise for the rest of the day. 

Instead, Blaze found himself suddenly surrounded by a bunch of angels. Aahna, Bi and Rachel being among them. Since they were being relatively silent, Blaze did not tell them off. 

When the classes ended, and they started heading to the cafeteria, Blaze split away from the crowd. 

"Where are you going?" Rachel shouted from behind. 

"Just meeting with a teacher. Please inform the matron if I am late" Blaze shouted back and beelined for the teachers' section. 

He spotted a couple of teachers conversing in the lounge but did not find Seshat among them. He walked along the wall and finally found the door with Seshat's name on it. <em>Seshat Amun.</em> 

He gently rapped on the door. 

"Come in" Seshat's soothing voice came from behind the door. 

"Have a seat, dear" she told him as Blaze looked around. It was not much different from the headmistress's office, except for being a little smaller. However, it was a lot neater and organized than Fiora's office. A map of Azra-El and a map of Aranya hung on either side of her walls. 

"I've sent the headmistress a message but I've yet to receive a reply. However, I've compiled a method of approach for your studies. Since you will be going through a few years of materials in a few months, I feel you need a different approach. Take a look after you get back to your dorm" Seshat said, handing him a neatly written piece of paper. 

Blaze gave it a cursory glance. It seemed to have information about what to read and in what order to read them. It also included suggestions for extra reading materials, practice exercises and so on. 

"Thank you, Min Seshat. This is exactly what I needed" Blaze replied in gratitude. He really did need it. 

"You're welcome. Now, do you have any questions over the material you've read so far?" 

"I was wondering... Was the war with demons primarily a war for resources?" Blaze asked. 

"It may have very well been one of the initial reasons for the war, but once the demons got a taste for expansion, the nature of the war completely changed. If not for Deity Michele and the Banner of Light, the bastions at the Inoan and Ibedan plateaus would've fallen within the first twenty years. Once they fell, it wouldn't have taken long for Azra-El to become a continent of demons" 

"Banner of Light?" 

"It's an ancient artifact that allows its wielder to gain the power of a Deva. Its strength lies in its defensive attributes and has allowed the angels to defend and defeat the demons at the battles of Lassey and Patipan. You should do some reading on the artifact and the battles. However, I will tell you this. The Banner of Light can only be wielded by the most righteous of the angels. Once it chooses an angel, the ownership cannot be changed until the original wielder passes away or an even more righteous angel takes up the banner. Deity Michele took on the banner at a young age of a hundred and twenty, when she was a mere angel. She is currently more than seven hundred years old. It is the sincere hope of all angels that she outlives Empress Hela. If not, the Heavenly Union could fall before we find the banner's next chosen" 

Over the next half hour, Blaze fired away questions he had on early angels and how they spread over the eastern part of the continent. It was a part of the first-year syllabus and he had gone ahead with his reading. 

Seshat explained everything with patience and she was an excellent teacher. She made history sound like an enthralling story and the way her voice vacillated charmed Blaze into paying her complete attention. He wanted to learn more from her. 

"I am out of questions for now, teach. Are you ready for your massage?" Blaze replied after she finished telling how the discovery of energy stones and the angels' ability to manipulate the world energy could be linked. 

"It's alright dear. You don't have to. I just wanted to help you out. We can do it if the headmistress allows us to continue" Seshat replied kindly. 

"What are you saying, teach? I am a ma... angel of my word. I can't go back on my offer. Besides, I like giving massages" Blaze insisted. He was aching to get her on the massage table. She was as hot as she was exotic, and he couldn't miss this chance. 

"Alright. If you really want to" Seshat replied, perking up on her chair. She expected Blaze to come up to her and give her a shoulder rub. She had begun to fall for his enthusiasm. 

"umm... It's a full body massage. We should probably move to some place more private. It can get messy" Blaze told her sheepishly. 

"We can go back to my quarters, I guess. I am done for the day", Seshat replied unsurely. 

"That'll be perfect" Blaze clapped his hands. He had subconsciously picked up the feminine gesture from Jie Er. 

"Let's go" Seshat replied, and the two of them walked out of the Lecture building. 

Blaze walked behind her and gorged his eyes on her sensuously waving behind. The tight silken skirt and the golden loins greatly accentuated her springy plump butt. 

"Do you need a ride?" Seshat asked uncertainly. She had seen his magnificent wings, but she wasn't sure if he had learnt to fly. 

Blaze considered it but decided to decline her offer. He could wait a few more minutes. 

Seshat nodded and manifested her wings. They were a pair of beige colored wings with white borders. They were on the longer side at eleven feet each. 

Soon, the two of them took to the skies. Seshat went a little slow at first but was taken back by how easily he kept up with her. <em>Maybe this child will surpass Elyssa Marigold.</em> 

After a couple of minutes, they spotted a bunch of rustic but well-maintained cottages spread over an area of a few acres, interspersed with woods and pathways. 

Seshat led him to one of the cottages and they landed within its walled enclosure. Her front yard was occupied by a flower garden and spruce trees lined the walls. 

"Come on in" Seshat said, opening the door and inviting him in. 

Her living room was a modest carpeted space with a couple of couches and a reading table. There was a brick fireplace to the right and her walls were covered with ancient looking artifacts and other doodads. 

"What next?" Seshat asked him uncertainly as they stood in the living room. 

"umm... Do you have any body oils?" Blaze asked her, feeling a bit excited. 

"I think so ..." Seshat replied, walking towards her bed room. 

"Can you also get me sheets and pillows?" Blaze asked, bringing out the table Rebecca had given him. He set it down in the middle of the living room. 

At seven feet long and two feet wide, it made the perfect massage table. It was also the right height for him. He mentally thanked Rebecca for her thoughtfulness. He also made a mental note to give her his special massage. 

Seshat returned with a couple of bottles of oil, a few of pillows and some white cotton sheets. She gave the table a curious glance. <em>I guess she wasn't exaggerating when she said she was good at massages.</em> 

Blaze took the bottles from her and examined them as she spread the sheets on the table. They were fragrant oils. One smelled of pine and the other a mix of palm and spices. Blaze picked the former as it seemed less viscous. 

"I suppose you need me out of my clothes?" Seshat asked him as she slightly leaned against the table and swished back her raven hair. The posture exaggerated the curve between her narrow waist and protruding butt. 

"Have a seat and relax. Let me do the rest" Blaze replied and Seshat climbed up on to the table. He felt his breathing quicken as he walked up to her. 

He set the bottles beneath the table and reached for her silken skirt wrap, sliding his hands against the sides of her thighs. He loosened it from her golden belt and pulled it down, as Seshat raised her thighs. 

The skirt unwrapped, and Blaze was able to pull it aside with ease. Though the golden loins covered her nether regions, Blaze could see that there wasn't anything else between her skin and the gold. 

Blaze took a step back and took in the sight of his sensual teacher, covered in nothing but gold. 

"Do you mind if I remove my clothes? I don't want them to get dirty" he asked her, placing her skirt on the sofa. 

"No. Go ahead" she replied, oblivious to Blaze's machinations. 

"umm... teach, I am an unnatural. Please don't mention this to others" Blaze said as he removed his top and his boyshorts. 

"Oh My!" Seshat gasped as she saw his partially erect member. 

"Is it troublesome to have such a dangling organ?" she asked, after she took a moment to register its strange existence. 

"Not really. It has its uses. Now, can you lie on your stomach?" Blaze said, setting a pillow at the head of the table. 

"Place your hands by your sides and relax" Blaze said, brushing her long hair off her back and over her shoulder. Her flawless honey colored back was laid bare in all its glory. 

Blaze placed a hand on her back and felt her soft skin with a gentle caress. He reached down and brought up the Pine oil. 

Though he had ulterior motives, her also wanted to give her a proper massage as promised. He poured a good amount on his hands and rubbed them together before gently applying it over Seshat's hands. 

Her hands were lean but also soft and fleshy. He caressed her and gently knead his fingers over her biceps and arms. 

"Tell me if you want me to apply more pressure" he said, firmly pulling his hands over her muscles and veins. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"It's good for now" Seshat replied comfortably. His hands felt good on her skin. 

He continued his ministrations for a couple of minutes before he moved to her back. He poured a good amount of oil and watched the clear liquid spread and trickle down to the valley of her lower back. He used his hands to evenly spread the liquid upto the golden belt at her hips. 

Her hilly butt cheeks stared at him enticingly, but he resisted himself. 

He shuffled to the head of the table, leaned over her head and started massaging her back. He started out with gentle circular revolutions and soon started pressing firmly against her muscles. He placed his thumbs along the line of her spine and strongly pushed them down to her valley. His member, which was completely engorged, moved onto the pillow and lay beside her face. 

"Mmmmhhh" a moan escaped Seshat's lips as she felt the kinks in her muscles unravel. Her eyes which had been closed, fluttered open in pleasure and she suddenly spotted his organ. 

<em>Why is it larger than before?</em> she wondered as the hot rod moved to and fro near her nose. A musky smell entered her nostrils and she felt something strange stir inside her. 

She instinctively leaned forward and tilted her head. The tip of her nose and her plump lips brushed against the hot member and she fought down an urge to lick it. 

Lost in his own arousal, Blaze didn't notice Seshat's actions. He finished her back and moved to her legs. 

Seshat immediately missed the feeling of his member near her mouth. She felt regret at not taking the chance to <em>taste it?</em> 

After massaging her legs, Blaze reached for the clasp of her belt and unhooked it. Seshat raised her hips to allow him to swiftly pull the belt and loincloth from under her. 

Her glorious butt was suddenly out in display for Blaze's roving eyes. Her butt cheeks were tall and well rounded, and the crevice between them a deep chasm. 

He placed a hand under her stomach, lifted her a little and slid a couple of pillows under her lower stomach. The lift provided by the pillows exaggerated her hills and slightly opened her crevice. 

Her legs were close together, so Blaze could only see a tiny portion of her slit peeking from between her thighs. 

"Mind if I sit on your legs?" Blaze asked hoarsely. He was unable to contain the excitement in his voice. Seshat simply shook her head into the pillow. 

He climbed onto the table and on top of her, straddling her soft calves; his balls and member resting between them. 

He poured a good amount of oil onto his hands and placed them on her butt cheeks. He spread his fingers and dug in. 

They felt amazing. 

They were soft, springy, squishy and bouncy at the same time. Something he did not believe was possible. They would make the best pillows in the world. 

Blaze lost himself and started groping them in abandon. He only regained control after a couple of minutes. He halfheartedly massaged them for a minute before he finally spread them apart. 

A brown puckered hole and a slim pink slit came into his vision. He instinctively leaned in and gave a long lick from the base of her slit to her hole. Seshat let out a hiss of surprise. 

Blaze raised his butt and spread her calves and legs before he sat back down between them. The angle provided by the pillows and the spread of her legs, gave him full vision of her entrances. 

Blaze immediately took his oiled fingers to her craving cleft and aperture. 

Seshat's body stirred as he ran his slick fingers over them. She squirmed and opened up to give him more access. 

He cupped her vagina and gently rubbed his fingers over her lips and slit, before he moved on to her other hole. He wanted to leave the slit for the grand finale. 

He took his oiled index finger to her rim and gently circled around it, feeling the soft folds. Her butt hole pulsed. 

Taking it as invitation, he pushed his finger in. 

Seshat's eyes flew wide open as she felt the sudden intrusion and Blaze felt her tight and hot entrance clamping around his finger. He gently wiggled his finger and lightly scratched her wall, while gently caressing her left buttcheek to ease her and her rectum. 

Seshat relaxed as she got used to his finger inside her. <em>She did say her massage was unique. Don't the eastern countries have a similar practice?</em> 

Blaze slowly pushed his way in until he reached his knuckle. Her entrance was tight, but the slickness of the oil provided for easy penetration. 

He pumped his finger a few times before he pulled it out. He then pushed his larger and longer index finger in. He wanted her well oiled before he put in something much bigger. 

After the index finger, Blaze followed up with the rest of his fingers. He was an egalitarian by nature and he treated all his fingers equally. Seshat patiently endured through his ministrations. 

Once his thumb made its way out, Blaze slid up on her thighs. The oil between them made the movement slippery smooth. 

He straddled her below her butt crease and used the friction of his knees against the table cloth to hold himself steady. He placed his palms on her springy mounds and gently spread them apart. 

He leaned forward, moved his member between her crack, and pressed her buttcheeks over it. 

Seshat immediately felt something stir inside her as she felt the hot and large member move over her anus. 

"You aren't planning on inserting that, are you?" she suddenly asked, realizing the eventuality. 

She was alarmed by the idea, but something made her desire it. She wanted it inside her. Where? She had no idea. 

"Yes, but don't worry. I've done this before. The hole is a lot more elastic than it seems" Blaze replied, trying to ease her worries. 

He took it slow, teasing her hole with his tip and caressing her butt. Seshat felt heat rising in her body and her mind. Her inhibitions were slowly swept away by a growing desire. 

Blaze finally placed his tip onto her hole and pushed it in with his thumb. 

Seshat's head arched up and her mouth opened in a silent gasp. She felt the width of his member spread her walls apart, almost forcibly. <em>Oh God! It's big!</em> 

Blaze felt her walls clench around him, but he leaned in, sending his member deeper into her passage. The lubrication of the oil allowed for a smooth transition, even as her walls adamantly tried to obstruct him. 

He spread her butt cheeks with his hands and fell onto her back, finishing his penetration as he felt his groin over her butt crack. The coldness of her top's golden strap contrasted against the heat of her skin. 

"Aaaahh" Seshat cried. <em>What's happening?</em> She felt much more than a simple pleasure from a massage. 

Blaze moved his hands and grabbed her shoulders. They were quite slippery from all the oil he had applied. He held them firmly and started grinding into her anus as their oiled bodies slid over each other. The heat between them making the oil less viscous. 

"Mmm Mmm Mmph" light groans escaped Seshat's lips as Blaze's motions intensified under his rising fervor. 

Suddenly, he raised his hips, bringing his member out of the hole. He gave a slight pause before he speared her in one shove. 

"Aaaaaah!" Seshat cried out in an ecstatic pain. 

Loving her scream, Blaze started pumping into her. His actions weren't as smooth as they normally were. The oil made him slip uncontrollably over her body. But he loved novelty of a lack of calculated motions. 

Her insides were tight, warm and slippery. They grasped and massaged his member, stimulating him with every movement. His hands instinctively circled around her throat and he held her gently by the neck as his motions gained fervor with each thrust. 

Soon, Blaze felt himself reach a peak. He knew he couldn't hold himself any longer. Seshat was sufficiently aroused but she didn't seem like she was on the verge of cumming. 

So, he gave a strong shove into her bouncy butt and came. 

Blaze fell on to her warm soft back and his body shuddered as he released himself into her rectum. 

Seshat felt forceful streams of hot liquid spurt into her insides. She was confused but she realized that her student was going through something and she needed to wait. 

"What did you put into me?" she asked, after she felt Blaze cease his haphazard thrusts into her butt. She felt the warm liquid trickle deeper into her. Her raised butt meant that gravity sent the liquid the other way. 

"Just liquid energy. You can absorb it if you want. You will be releasing your own liquid energy as well. You will understand once it happens" Blaze explained breathily. Seshat nodded. 

He rested for a few moments before he pushed himself up and slowly retreated his member out of her gaping hole. He gave her anus a little wiggle with his finger before he got off the table. He reached for the clasp of her top, at the small of her back, and undid it. 

"Can you turn over?" he panted, still feeling a little out of breath. 

Seshat glanced at him sideways and turned over. 

"What happened to your thing?" she asked, noticing his flaccid member. 

"It's out of energy, I guess. It will be back up in a bit. Don't worry" Blaze replied, brushing aside her concerns. 

He reached for the lower ends of her top and slowly pulled them up, revealing her sumptuous pale brown breasts. They jiggled under the gravity and fell a little to her sides. Her areolae were big and a darker shade of brown than her skin, while her nipples were stiff and plump under her arousal. 

Seshat lifted her head and Blaze pulled the golden bands over her head and her luxurious black hair. She laid her head back on the pillow and let her hair fall behind the table as Blaze gazed at her glorious nudity. 

She still had her armlets and anklets on and they gave her an exotic look that Blaze simply couldn't resist. His hands instinctively rushed to her breasts. 

"I think you need more oil" Seshat commented, as Blaze spread his greedy palms over her squishy mounds and felt them up. They were wonderfully soft and large, spilling over his digging fingers. 

"Oh! I forgot" Blaze replied, grinning sheepishly. He hastily picked up the bottle and poured some on his hands, before taking them back to where they belonged. 

Blaze massaged and kneaded her breasts with passion. He caressed the circles of her areola and pinched her nipples, eliciting a squeal from her. Unable to control himself, he took his mouth to her nipple and gently nipped it before he started sucking on it. He tasted oil but the feeling of her nipples against his tongue was enough ecstasy. 

After spending more time than necessary on her mounds, he was forced to move on. He once again climbed the table and sat on top of her thighs; his member and balls, ever closer to her red slit. 

He leaned forward, placed his hands over her breasts, pushed his thumbs against the top of her breastbone and moved down her breasts to the honeyed surface of her stomach. 

He caressed the entirety of her stomach, including the depths of her belly button. He moved his hands over her hips and felt their width before he brought his fingers to her groin. He repeated the movements numerous times. 

Although she didn't know what she wanted, Seshat eyed his hands with anticipation. 

Blaze spread his hands over the crease of her thighs and slowly moved his thumbs down her groin and over her lips. He put pressure on them and started moving his fingers up and down their length. 

Seshat's body responded to his movements. She placed her hands under her chin and against her cheek as her head and body started writhing under pleasure. 

Blaze brushed his thumb against her nub and she let out a hiss. He looked down and he noticed a hint of glaze at her entrance. A light fig like smell emanated from her. 

He cupped the top of her vagina and placed his thumb against her slit. He brushed against her nub and slit a few times before he pushed in. 

"Oooh" she moaned as his wide thumb pushed its way into her narrowness. It stimulated her nerve endings, sending a wave of pleasure into her brain. 

Blaze uninhibitedly pushed his way in until he felt her barrier. He pulled his thumb out and pushed it back in; repeating the process to both loosen her hole and stimulate her. 

Seshat's pants slowly intensified as Blaze switched his fingers and repeatedly stimulated her walls; brushing and lightly scratching against them. Suddenly, Seshat's back arched up as he hit a certain spot; an inch and half into her vagina, a little to the top left. 

Grinning at himself, Blaze focused his efforts at that spot. 

Soon, Seshat was a fiddle under his fingers and she played to his rhythm. The heat from the pit of her stomach spread throughout her body and mind, even as the hunger inside her magnified. 

She really wanted his member, but his fingers did not give her a chance to voice her thoughts. 

"Aaahhahhhh" 

Within a few minutes, she shuddered and flooded his fingers with her warmth. Blaze watched her mouth quiver and her eyes roll up as she released herself over him; her arms splayed above her head. 

"What happened?" she panted, as she came to her senses. 

"It's called an orgasm. Your body releases itself as your pleasure reaches a peak and climaxes" Blaze tried to explain as he leaned forward and took his oiled hands to her face. 

"It's not over?" she questioned, as he applied the oil over her face. He gently massaged her with his fingers, clearly feeling and memorizing the texture and contours of her face. 

"Nope. Besides, don't you want my thing in your vagina?" Blaze asked, trying to sound nonchalant. His penis was once again becoming active. 

"Yes!" she replied, a little too quickly. 

Blaze grinned at her. He had come to realize that the angels intuitively knew the purpose of his penis even though they had no idea of its concept. <em>I guess it means that there were once male angels. Good Riddance! Muhahaha</em> 

He took his fingers to her temples and pressed them firmly, moving to and fro over the slick oil. He sneaked them into her sleek and shiny midnight black hair and moved his fingers fast and in a rhythmic manner. 

Seshat's mouth widened into a pleasure induced smile and her eyes once again rolled up into her head. 

"Mmmmmm" she let out a long groan of pleasure. Her expression made Blaze unable to control himself and leaned into her auburn lips. 

Seshat's eyes burst open in surprise as she felt the soft squishy pressure of his lips against hers. 

"It's a lip and tongue massage" Blaze commented, before going back on her lips. 

Seshat didn't even bother to question back as Blaze took her lower lip between his and started caressing it with his tongue. 

He held her head firmly between his hands and Seshat felt the full weight of his body as he strongly straddled her waist and pressed his chest into the pillows of her breasts. 

As the kiss continued, they started grinding their oiled bodies against each other and Blaze's member and balls slid over her smooth stomach. Seshat wrapped her hands around Blaze's back and pulled him closer as she slowly got the hang of kissing. 

Soon, Blaze couldn't control his urges any longer and he pulled away from her lips. Seshat held onto his neck, refusing to let go. 

Blaze smiled at her and gently tapped on wrists. She gave him a wanting look before she reluctantly let him go. 

Blaze pushed against the table and slid down her body, popping her breasts up in a sensuous jiggle as they got free from his weight. He felt the massive curves of her waist and hips with his legs as he moved down. 

He spread her legs apart with his knees and raised her knees with his hands as he looked down at her hole. Her lips were slightly open, giving him a view of her deep chasm. 

He pushed against her thighs and scooted closer, holding under her knees with his hands. His fully engorged member fell against her slit and he looked into her eyes. 

Seshat looked back in nervous anticipation. 

"Can I put it in? It might hurt a little the first time, but it should feel good afterwards" Blaze told her earnestly. 

Seshat just nodded in response. She was too far gone to care about a little pain. 

Blaze let go of her right knee and used his free hand to brush his cock against her lips and slit, gently spreading them apart. A small of amount of warm glistening liquid leaked out of her hole, wetting his needy prick. 

He placed his tip against the hole and pushed in. 

"Mmmph" Seshat groaned, as her lower lips swallowed his tip. 

Blaze felt himself hit against her barrier and her lips clamped against the base of his member's head. It was a flat, well-formed barrier and he had no option but to break it. He felt that it would better to do it quickly. 

He placed his hands on her sides and slightly leaned over her before he pushed his hips into her. 

"Ouch" Seshat cried out softly as Blaze tore through her membrane and speared into her depths. 

He fell onto her breast and started slowly licking and sucking on her nipple as he gently fondled her other breast, trying to alleviate her pain. Seshat wrapped her legs and arms around him as pain and pleasure combined to give her a feeling she had never experienced before. 

Soon, the pain subsided and Seshat patted on Blaze's back, to make him continue. Blaze did not need any more prodding and he started slowly grinding into her groin. His groin rubbed against her clitoris and Seshat's grip on Blaze tightened each time he made a revolution with his hips. 

His deeply housed member felt her warmth and tightness as her walls pulsed over it. 

Feeling the need, he slightly raised his hips and jutted them into her with a slight thwack. 

"Aaaaah" Seshat cried, as a tingling sensation spread from her cervix to her head and toes. The burst of pleasure coursed through her brain, making her feel completely awake. 

"Give me more" she panted into Blaze's hair. 

Blaze lightly nipped her nipple before once again raising his hips and spearing her. 

Thwack Thwack Thwack Thwack 

"Aah Aah Aah Ahh" Seshat moaned as Blaze hit her with short quick shoves. 

Seshat coursed through Blaze's hair with one hand while the other roamed over his back and the top of his butt. 

Blaze built up his speed and momentum and his arousal increased in proportion to his motions. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and started slamming into her as he breathed hot air into her breasts, tickling her skin and nipples. 

"Aaaaaaaaah" Seshat suddenly screamed, flooding his member. She shuddered against his body as waves of pleasure sent electricity coursing through her. 

When a second wave of liquid hit his member, Blaze let go. He collapsed between her breasts and repeatedly rammed his member into her as he coated her with thick hot streams of semen. 

Seshat felt his hotness hit her cervix even as she released her own fluids. Her orgasms continued after Blaze had finished and she came five times before her body stopped. 

As the pleasure subsided, her legs went limp and her hands fell to her sides. 

"That was no massage" she heaved, raising a hand and gently caressing Blaze's back. 

"What do you mean?" Blaze asked, raising his head. He was too tired to get off her and he didn't mind staying inside her for a little longer. Despite his orgasm, he still liked the warmth around his member. 

"I've never heard of a massage feeling this good. You need to call it something else" Seshat elaborated, leaning down and planting a kiss on his forehead. She suddenly felt a strong emotion towards this student of hers. 

Blaze enjoyed her smooch with closed eyes before he responded. 

"It's called sex" 

They lay in silent embrace for a few minutes before Blaze started getting up. His flaccid member popped out of her hole, revealing a tinge of red over his skin. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
They took a quick bath before Seshat offered to drop him off at his dorm. She did not want him to get into any trouble with his matron. So, giving her the pretext of feeling tired, Blaze made her fly him back. He wanted to hug and fondle her a little more. 

Seshat gave a quick excuse to Ilona to get Blaze out of questioning before she took her leave. But not before promising him that if Fiora gave them permission, she would give him extra lessons whenever he wanted. 

*** 

Blaze was lounging in the common room and thinking about meeting the headmistress, when a group of angels approached him. Unsurprisingly, Aahna and Bi were at the front. 

"umm Blaze... can we ask you some questions?" Aahna asked hesitantly. 

"Ask away" Blaze replied indolently. He was lying sideways on the couch, with his legs and head over its cushioned arms. He felt too lazy to get off his comfortable position. 

"Why are you so smart and strong?" Aahna asked on behalf of all his classmates. 

"Cause I'm 'mazing!" Blaze replied curtly. But knowing Aahna, he knew that her questions wouldn't end there. 

For the next half hour, Blaze answered their questions about how he became so powerful, how he studied, which techniques he practiced, who his mother was, whether he thought he was going to become a deity and so on. He answered them casually, but he tried to be nice. 

"ummm... Blaze Er?" Aahna asked after Blaze satisfied their curiosity. "Do you want to be the official class representative?" 

Blaze was about to say no but a wayward thought made him pause. During their conversation, he realized that his classmates had started looking up to him. As a saying on earth went, jealousy is only evoked if your accomplishments are attainable. If they aren't, then you're admired. 

He didn't really care about the responsibilities that came with being the class rep, but he did not mind the power that came with being a pseudo leader of Class 1A. <em>Start out with an entourage of dedicated and brainwashed followers. Take over Azra-El. Muhahahahahaha. Ahem.</em> 

"Alright, listen up, you brats!" Blaze said, finally getting off his couch. "You will all, henceforth, call me Big Bro" he made his proclamation. 

"What does that even mean?" Rachel asked from the side. She and the rest of the class had at some point joined the initial inquisitorial group. 

"It has a similar meaning to an Elder Sister. Since I am a little different from normal angels, you will use this term" Blaze explained. 

The angels nodded in acceptance. It was customary to add a prefix to someone significantly older or stronger than you. They didn't mind using a term like elder sister for Blaze. 

"Aahna?" Blaze said softly, after their acknowledgement. 

"Yes, Big Bro?" 

"Just keep doing what you've been doing with the class. You make a good class rep. I won't interfere unless its necessary" Blaze hastily added before Aahna could even think of handing over her responsibilities. 

*** 

<strong>Author's Note:</strong> What do you guys think of the massage scene? I have some experience in massages, so I was initially planning on writing a fully descriptive scene. I toned it down after I realized that it would become longer than the rest of the chapter. 

<strong>And guys, feel free to make comments that you think can improve my writing and your experience of the story.</strong> 

PS: Seshat is Egyptian
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 10|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Note: </strong>Sorry guys, I've been <strong>sick for two weeks</strong>. Food Poisoning turned into a stomach infection which caused excruciating stomach spasms every ten minutes and lasted for 3 days. 'Twas hell. I think I got a glimpse of how it is to be pregnant. Guess its punishment for messing around with angels? Lol.

However, this <strong><em>chapter is extra long</em></strong> so that should make up for the delay.

PS: Have I managed to retain any female readers? I highly doubt it, but if you are out there, I'd like to know why and what makes you want to read this male fantasy. :P

<strong>Special Thanks to VibranDragon</strong>: For being my very first patron. Azra-El shall remember you. :P

<strong>Opinion Poll: </strong>What do you guys think of the school part of the story? I initially intended it to be brief (not more than a three chapters). I feel like it's gonna be longer and I could explore a little more. Give me your answers in the poll I will post in the comments section.

<strong>Obligatory Warnings:</strong>1.<strong> </strong>I've imagined the world in such a way that I consider all angels under forty to be underage. So, there will be no explicit scenes with angels under that age. There will be no concessions. Blaze is an exception as he is an adult from Earth and looks like one by earthen standards.

2. This chapter is long and has some important scenes, so if you're interested in the story pay attention. You don't have to read it all at once :P. There are two sex scenes.

3.Have some of you missed chapter 8? It has only 2.4k views when compared to the 3.6k views of chapter 9. It makes no sense.

<strong>Response to Comments</strong>

DankMemez: Your memes maybe dank, but your synopsis isn't. I am going to adopt it with minor changes. THANK YOU!

Finbar: I've been reading your emails. Thank you for your ideas and lack of complaints :P. Since you finally have an account on literotica, you should share your thoughts in the comments. The reason why I don't have Blaze describing weapons on Earth is because I find it highly unlikely that anyone can randomly talk about a computer and poof it is created. He may still find someone he can share his thoughts in the future (Blaze is intelligent after all). As a Physicist/Engineer, I understand the complexity of creating a machine. I can write complex equations in Quantum Mechanics and think about higher dimensions and solve many body problems in astrophysics, but I don't know the first thing about making a coffee maker (let alone a computer or a ballistic missile). You get my drift. Read my Q &amp; A at the end of the chapter.

Master13: Regarding the improvement in the details -- I've only read one erotica and that was a long while back. I was never sure how much detail is good for the sex scenes, and I guess I am slowly improving.

RanceSama: I like your analysis. Although I didn't get your references (don't watch anime these days), I can tell you this. Your analysis is right on some things, but it isn't entirely accurate. Firstly, as you guessed, there is more going on than what meets the eye. But I intend Blaze to be chaotic good (if we must have such alignments). Second, I don't intend on giving the world any game like characteristics. So, there will be no stats (sorry), &amp; any form of evolution will seem natural (nothing like Pokemon). Third, Blaze will have more wings in the future (archangels have four, deities have six). Finally, Kouhai/Senpai -- you are free to imagine :P. However, he is not really the oldest in his year. He is around the same age as if you count his years on earth. Much younger, if you only consider his time on Azra-El.

Ahren: The reason I don't want the demons to look too dissimilar is because I want to portray the idea that people can discriminate for any damned reason (think of the caste system, Protestants vs Catholics, the witch hunts and so on). Demons will be physically similar to the angels, except for their wings. Some will have horns and tails but those will be unique to archdemons and devils. Empress Hela (the only Asura level demon) will be <em>awesome</em>. You will have to wait for it :P.

Anon1: Fiora is around Ely's mom's age. Claudis is a little younger but should fall in the same category. So yeah, Blaze sees no age barrier below 300 years old. Anything older is entering granny territory. Lol.

Anon2: There will be Valkyries (duh! The name is so cool), but I was thinking that they will be an elite group in the Heavenly Union's armed forces. The god of war ones look evil :P. I promise to consider the idea, though.

Wankr &amp; Anon: Rest your anxiety, mate. I intend to finish at least one book and it will be a standalone by itself.

XavierJohn: I hope you like the fight scenes in this chapter.

Kyotie: There will be no senseless violence. There will be fights and a final war of sorts and any violence will be story appropriate. No random and gory killing sprees. However, I want the story to be realistic, so there may be character deaths (may*).

ReaderReaderFic: In case you missed my reply. Your message is totally relevant :P.

Now, I <em>have to</em> introduce a river otter in the story. What do you want me to name her? <br >Haha. I must've died hundreds of times playing that game. But that's what makes it fun. It's so hardcore. It's so addictive. I want a picture of you riding a T-Rex with an otter around your shoulder. <br >You should get a male otter, name him Blaze, and make some babies :P.

<em>Thank you all for your comments and support. I need both </em>ðŸ˜Š<em>.</em>

<strong>Flyball:</strong> I've described it before but here is the gist and some details not mentioned in the chapters. (in case you're interested)

Think of a cross between baseball and cricket. There is a circular field with two eighteen-inch diameter poles in the middle, separated by eighty feet (this distance can be lowered when the game is played by younger angels).

The batter bats at one pole and the pitcher throws from the other. The ball can be hit in any direction and runs are made by running/flying between the poles while the ball is in play.

A player can be caught out, run out or 'poled'. Poled is when the ball hits the batting side pole between a five-foot marked region. This region is marked at a height of fifty feet when the game is played by flying angels.

<em>Slam</em>: When the ball soars out of the field. The field in a professional match is six hundred feet in diameter. A slam nets you eight runs.

<em>Ground Slam</em>: The ball bounces its way out of the field. Nets you four runs.

<em>Round</em>: A set of ten throws by a pitcher. The pitcher must switch after each round but can pitch again in alternate rounds. A professional match is thirty rounds per inning.

<em>OverPitch</em>: When the pitch is too high, too low or too wide. Nets the batting team an extra run.

Note: World energy can't be used while playing the game.

<strong>Character Descriptions: </strong>Someone mentioned that they find it hard to remember how some of the characters looked. Thus, this section will be available every alternate chapter. These are only short intros and not full character descriptions.

<a><strong>Prominent Characters:</strong></a>

<strong>Blaze Er Lokra</strong>: A nineteen-year-old from earth who finds himself in the land of angels, after hatching out of an egg. He was close to twenty, before he was sent to Azra-El.

He has green eyes and whitish red hair. He is leaner than when he was on earth, but he is still physically as strong as a fully-grown angel. He is currently 5'7 (67 inches).

He is also quite smart and intelligent and has amazing aptitude toward energy manipulation and martial skills. His only weaknesses are a lack of sense of direction and his over confidence in himself. He is also a bit reckless.

<strong>Jie Er Lokra</strong>: She is the first angel Blaze comes across when he hatches out of his egg. She is beautiful, tall and lean with an hourglass figure, long slender limbs and fingers. Her thigh length hair is whitish blonde in color, the same as her wings. She has large round blue eyes, slanted eyebrows, plump pink limps and an oval elven face. She is 166 years old and 7 feet tall. (Chapter 1 for more)

Blaze thinks quite highly of her and feels that she is an angel both in name and character. It is revealed in Chapter 7 that Jie Er is an archangel who can't display her full power because of corrupted wings. There is a lot more to her than meets the eye.

<strong>Rebecca Flynn</strong>: She is a lieutenant in the Black Thorn regiment of the army. She is strong for her age and Jie Er thinks that she has the potential to become an archangel very soon.

She is as beautiful as she is feisty. Her skin is smooth and white with a pinkish tinge. Her long waist length hair is a reddish pink and thick locks of hair sprawl around her face, looking as unruly as she is. Her bangs are parted at the center and flow down to her cheeks. She has dark eye-lined almond eyes which are a pinkish red, with long mascaraed eyelashes. Her brows are thick near her nose but are long and arch their way up into a thin line.

She has a pretty &amp; slightly upturned nose. Her pink glossy lips are plump and have a natural pucker to them. Her face is angular, and her chin is small but rounded. A dark red rose is always painted at the center of her forehead.

She is 134 years old and is 6'10. However, she usually wears 6-inch pumps which make her appears taller than she is.

Blaze treats her both as an adoptive aunt and a friend.

<strong>Elyssa Marigold</strong>: Blaze's first real friend in AzraEl. He met her at Varan's library. She is from a noble family and despite their rough start Blaze and Ely have become the best of the friends.

When Blaze first saw her, he fell in a daze because of her surreal beauty. She has an oval face with gentle curves and a sharp chin. Slightly downturned large aquamarine eyes with long fluttering lashes, adorned by thin gently rising eyebrows.

She has a soft graceful nose &amp; her reddish pink cupid's bow lips are full and luscious. Her long, thick and smooth golden blonde hair is parted in the middle, and then braided into a thick long tail that hangs below her waist. She also has long bangs that are usually swept behind her ears.

Ely is 61 years old and is 5'6. She is somewhat short for her age, but she claims that she hasn't had her growth spurt yet.

Ely is a genius and is considered to be the angel with the most potential in her century. She is the quiet sort and doesn't have too many friends. Most likely because she never had anyone to relate to.

<strong>Sky: </strong>The baby Quetzal that Blaze has adopted from Momo the carnike, who tried to save the baby from a Xenodon.

Quetzal's are natives of the Infernal desert, deep within the territory of the Hela Empire. They are ferocious creatures that can grow up to a height of 15-18 feet and can live past 400 years. The larger and older Quetzals are strong enough to kill an archangel.

Sky looks like a large baby parrot with a peach colored beak. She has started to grow pale blue/cyan plumage, which is strange because Quetzals usually have darker wings.

<strong>Students:</strong>

<strong>Class 1A</strong>

<strong>Aahna Maitreya</strong>: A cheerful, talkative and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the de facto class representative if Class 1A. She is a cute violet haired girl with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder length hair and is around 5'2.

<strong>Bi</strong> <strong>Tru'ng</strong>: A lanky black-haired unassuming girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes and a shy countenance. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6.

<strong>Rachel Arianrhod</strong>: She is a confident &amp; combative kid with boyish short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. Her mother is a knight captain in the cloud nine regiment and thus she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She doesn't like Pixies.

<strong>Nina</strong>: A blonde ponytailed angel who is good at sports. She is a decent pitcher in Flyball and is quite good at Troisnet.

<strong>Kida</strong>: A cute Japanese looking black haired girl who is a good batter in Flyball.

<strong>Class 4A</strong>

<strong>Siofra Eoiwagn</strong>: Blaze met her at the principal's office during their first day of school. She is twenty-nine years old but at 5'2, she is small for her age. She has long bushy orange hair, large round upturned orange eyes with orange mascara, an angular jaw with a small rounded chin, full pouty pink lips, and a sharp slightly turned up nose. She is cute but has a piercing gaze with a hint of broodiness.

<strong>Priscilla Ainsworth</strong>: Blaze met her initially at Varan's fair. She was representing Tir academy, along with her teacher Uriel.

She is a brunette with long hair held in two ostentatious pigtails. She is quite beautiful with brilliant blue eyes, long lashes, a perfect nose and pouty red lips. However, her beauty is too perfect and seems made up. Her wings her beautiful, white and radiant.

<strong>Nara: </strong>A burly blonde lackey of Priscilla. She is a little under 6 feet tall and has pale apricot wings.

<strong>Faculty:</strong>

<strong>Fiora d'Aragon</strong>: She has been the headmistress of Tir Academy for the past fifty years and is around Anastasia Marigold's age (~250). She taught Anatomy before becoming the headmistress. She is a tall lean woman with long crimson hair that is usually wrapped around her head in a bun. She portrays herself as being stern and stoic, but her innate kindness often seeps through the faÃ§ade. She has green slanted eyes, thin eyebrows with an angular arch, a slightly hooked nose, and high cheekbones. She often wears a pair of narrow black rimmed glasses.

<strong>Seshat Amun</strong>: The exotic looking History teacher at Tir. She is a brilliant teacher and makes learning fun and enthralling. She has a sweet crystalline voice that adds to the charm of her lessons.

She is an exorbitantly curvy angel with honey colored skin and sleek midnight black hair that's parted in the middle and flows down her narrow waist to her wide hips. She has dark green eyes with long heavy lashes, adorned by pitch black mascara. She has a perfect Greek nose and plump auburn bow shaped limps.

She wears skimpy exotic clothing adorned by jewelry. She buxom pear-shaped breasts that usually hang freely under her tops. She has wide hips, a pert mountainous butt, thin arms and lustful legs.

She is 6'8 and is around Jie Er's age.

<strong>Claudis Falhoffnir</strong> <strong>&amp; Gyllir</strong>: She teaches the Pegasi Flying class and is in charge of the Aviary/Stables. She is a sinewy but big boned angel, who exudes strength and an air of authority.

She has short white hair in a boy cut, with a longer lock of left hanging bangs. She has strong angular features and piercing grey eyes. Her lips are painted crimson and her brows are dark and thin with an angular arch in the middle. She has strong muscular legs with wide hips and a slim waist.

She has a deep connection with her Pegasus, Gyrill, who seems to know her command without any explicit instruction.

Gyrill is a large magnificent white and brown Pegasus with white beautiful wings. She is more than 8 feet tall.

<em>Clarification: Claudis is not fat or butch, just big boned. Imagine the actress from Malena movie but a bit more muscular.</em>

<strong>Eloa Alto</strong>: Eloa is Class 1A's homeroom teacher. She has bright turquoise eyes with dark red hair tied up in a bun at the top. She has lightly tanned skin, a pleasant round face, small mouth with red lips and a cute snub nose.

She is quite good looking and appears to be a human female in mid thirties which made her at least three hundred years old.

<strong>Ilona Kuznik</strong>: She is the matron of Class 1A's dorm. She is an elderly looking grey haired angel that looks to be over three hundred and fifty years old. She has a no-nonsense vibe about her, but no one has crossed her yet to find out clearly. She seems to be particular about schedules.

<strong>Alice</strong>: Fiora's brunette secretary and errand runner. She is a younger angel and seems to share Fiora's curiosity in Anatomy. She also has a knack for entering her room at the wrong time.

<strong>Uriel</strong> <strong>Arden</strong>: Combat training teacher of Class 4A. Blaze first met her and Priscilla at Varan's fair, representing Tir academy. She seems to show strong favoritism to Priscilla.

<strong>Others:</strong>

<strong>Agatha Agnes</strong>: Jie Er's old acquaintance and friend, and Blaze's second paramour in the world of Azra-El. She runs a clothing store at Varan and has made most of Blaze's clothing.

She has light purple colored almond eyes, a thin slightly downturned nose, highly arched eyebrows and red lips like a recurve bow. She is lean with long legs and is 6'11 tall. Her breasts are around a C-cup and she has a nice pert butt.

She is a business woman at heart, but she has formed a friendship with Blaze and has even gifted him some handmade clothes.

<strong>Anastasia Marigold</strong>: She is the Duchess of Cali and shares a striking resemblance with her daughter, Elyssa.

She a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She has piercing gray eyes that seem to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that is put up in a fontange.

She is a beautiful mature woman with plenty of cleavage, bony hips and long thighs. But being a stickler for the Bro Code, Blaze plans on keeping his hands off her.

Anastasia has a warm and welcoming personality, but she exudes a natural air of nobility; poise and elegance. She makes people feel safe and that everything around her is under her control.

<strong>Rin Temur</strong>: Rin and Lin are a pair of twins who act as the scouts for Rebecca's platoon. They are both tamers, with Rin focusing on Puokai and Lin focusing on hunting dogs. They have a penchant for dyeing their hair and Blaze has no clue as to what their original hair color is.

They have gentle almond shaped green eyes with slightly upturned outer corners; soft button noses; and cute pale pink lips with pretty smiles. Their faces are oval and rounded with a faint mongoloid resemblance.

Rin is the more feminine looking of the two with waist length pale pink hair. Her skin is soft and smooth long lean legs. She prefers skirts and sleeveless tops. They are 125 years old and 6'6 tall.

However, their appearances don't reflect their nature with each having their own unique quirks.

<strong>Lin Temur</strong>: Lin is the tomboy looking twin with short scruffy orange hair. She is more sinuous than her sister and has strong lean legs that seemed to be used to running. She prefers trousers and boyshorts.

Lin had an initial dislike for Quetzals, but she has slowly gotten used to being around Sky.

<strong>Tara Maitreya</strong>: Aahna's mother. She has long greyish white hair and tawny colored skin. She looks like an older version of Aahna but her calm and serene vibe contrasts daughter. She is the Vice head of Vidisha, a large merchant guild.

<strong>Animals:</strong>

<strong>Pegasi: </strong>You know... Flying horses. They are obviously larger than horse and have huge wingspans.

<strong>Carnike: </strong>A dog sized carnivorous rabbit. They mainly hunt fish and small creatures but have been known to chase after young inquisitive angels. However, they are cowardly creatures that run away when threatened.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
They have large floppy years which they use to glide around, after they use their strong leg muscles to launch themselves into the air. Their mouths have rows of closely spaced sharp shark like teeth, which make them look vicious when they snarl.

<strong>Xenodon: </strong>One of the most ferocious land animals on Azra El. They can reach a shoulder height of seven feet and can weigh up to two tons. They have two razor sharp saber teeth and each of their claws can grow up to eight inches.

They come in a variety of colors and are usually spotted. The Xenodon that attacked Momo had matte green fur and purplish black spots.

Xenodon are quite fast on open land and can cover short distances faster than even Quetzals can fly.

<strong>Poukai: </strong>Large eagle like creatures that can weight up to thirty kilograms. They are mainly used for hunting and scouting but a group of them can often fight of a grown angel.

Rin owns six poukai but her favorite and smartest bird is Ahren.

Phew! I hope I covered everything. Ask me if you have questions about anything else. For now, <strong>Enjoy</strong> the chapter!

<strong>Chapter 10</strong>

"Is that a Viridian bat?" Aahna asked Blaze, as he walked up to the pitch, swinging his matte green club.

The class had decided to play a game of ground flyball on morning of Loredas (Saturday). They had been too lazy to go over to the recreation complex, so they converted the large grass field in front of their dorm into a makeshift Flyball field. They confined the playing ground within a diameter of two hundred feet.

Since the game could only be played by twenty angels, the most enthusiastic of the lot stepped up and the rest decided to watch. Blaze and Rachel were the opposing captains and they picked players for their teams. Rachel picked Bi, and Aahna had ended up in Blaze's team.

They decided on a fifteen-round match. A round in Flyball was a set of ten throws. Each pitcher could pitch three rounds but had to switch after each round was completed. So, a minimum of five out of the ten players in each team had to pitch.

Rachel's team won the toss and decided to bat first. They ended up making a daunting score of a hundred and thirty-five, with Bi making fifty-six runs all by herself.

Aahna opened the batting with Kida, a black-haired girl with light Japanese features. They made twenty runs in quick succession, but Kida fell to a swerving fast throw from Rachel. Soon, they lost three more batsmen and the score was at a precarious thirty-three for four, with Aahna batting at ten.

"Yep!" Blaze replied concisely, practicing his baseball swings.

"Are you good?" Aahna asked with renewed hope. The rest of the team were all pitchers.

"I think so" Blaze replied. He had been the cleanup batter for his high school baseball team and had averaged 0.65 in his senior year. Batting in Flyball was a little different but the basics were the same. He felt it would be a little easier as he could hit the ball in any direction.

Blaze walked up to the batting side pole, took his stance and nodded at the pitcher. The ponytailed blonde angel with sinewy long arms readied herself. She took a deep breath, wound up and pitched with a hefty grunt.

The ball was fast and straight, but Blaze noticed the topspin right from the release. He adjusted for the drop and swung hard towards the left field.

<em>THUNK</em>

The ball made solid contact and flew over the angels' heads and into the flower gardens.

"SLAM!" the umpire squealed in delight and the audience went up in a cheer. Despite his size, Blaze's raw strength was equal to a fully-grown angel, and the ball had travelled a good four hundred feet. The most any of his classmates had hit was around three hundred.

"Yes!" Aahna pumped the air in excitement as a fielder went to fetch the ball. Despite her friendly nature she had a competitive spirit. She had formed an unspoken rivalry with Rachel.

The girl fetched the ball and threw it back to the blonde pitcher. Blaze looked her in the eye and gave her a hungry grin.

The girl gulped.

"Don't be intimidated, Nina! You're good. She can't hit you for a Slam on every throw" Rachel shouted from the center of the left field, trying to give Nina a boost in confidence.

Nina nodded, steeled herself and pitched again. The ball was a little wide and Blaze aimed for a gap in the right field and gently nudged the ball. He and Aahna quickly ran a couple of runs.

The first hit was strategic. It was too risky to go for a slam on every hit.

Though Blaze did not hit every throw for a slam, he and Aahna managed to finish the game with three rounds to spare. Blaze scored seventy-eight in forty throws and Aahna finished at thirty-six. She hit the finishing runs and ran up to Blaze for a mighty hug.

"It's unfair to play against you" Rachel complained, walking up to them with a shaking head.

"What do you expect of Big Bro?" Aahna replied from his shoulder.

"It was just for fun, Rach. Don't think took much about it. You and Bi played quite well" Blaze told her as the rest of the angels surrounded them.

"You know what this means?" Nina commented from the side.

"What?" several of them asked back.

"Our class is going to kick some Hela's butt in Flyball this year. Maybe we can beat third years too" Nina replied with excitement. The fourth years played in the air.

The comment brought cheer to everyone.

Later that evening, Blaze headed to the south eastern exit of the school. First to third years were not usually allowed to leave the campus. The only exceptions were the Saturday visiting hours, from four to eight in the evening. The second and fourth weekends of each month could be used to visit families.

Blaze landed a little away from the gates and hurriedly made his way out. As expected, he found Jie Er and Rebecca waiting for him with forty or fifty other adult angels.

Unable to control his emotions, Blaze rushed in and wrapped them both in a bear hug. He had long accepted that his angelic body was a lot more emotional than his human one.

The two older angels smiled at each other and caressed his head while the other parents gave them equally warm smiles.

"How was your first week?" Jie Er asked warmly.

"Miss us already, lil Blaze?" Rebecca teased him.

"Quite amazing aunty. Made a bunch of foll.. umm friends. I love the campus. The classes ..." Blaze pinched Rebecca's stomach and went off on a spiel about his first week.

"Slow down, Blaze Er. Let's find a nice restaurant to sit and you can tell us everything" Jie Er interjected him with a laugh.

Blaze smiled sheepishly, and Rebecca gave him a sassy grin.

"Keep grinning like that and you're gonna regret it" Blaze told Rebecca as she and Jie Er unfurled their wings. He wrapped his arms around Jie Er's neck and she lifted him with a hand. It was too conspicuous for a first year to fly.

"Oh? Whatcha gonna do, brat?"

"Its more about what I am <em>not</em> going to do" he replied as they took off towards the town.

The town was more crowded than it had been the previous week. Classes for the rest of the years started on the coming Morndas, and a lot of young angels had returned to campus.

The trio chose a nice bistro and sat outside, around a shaded patio table. They ordered some hot beverages and sipped them under the cold evening breeze and the dimming sunlight, while Blaze recounted his week.

"Haha. You're telling me that you've become the boss of your class. That's our little Blaze, alright" Rebecca guffawed, slapping the wooden table.

"Blaze Er... Just don't let it get to your head" Jie Er added, trying to sound a little disapproving.

"I am just playing around, aunty" Blaze replied happily.

"Aunty Jie Er? How is Sky doing?" Blaze asked her softly, after a moment.

Jie Er took a moment to answer.

"He is quite distraught Blaze Er. He apparently wailed for you the whole time we left him with the twins. He has calmed down, but he isn't happy. To be honest, I am not sure if you should visit him next week. He may go through the heartbreak again" Jie Er told him honestly, but Blaze knew that she skipped a lot of details.

"I am coming, aunty" Blaze replied emphatically.

Jie Er nodded. Even she wasn't sure about what was appropriate for a Quetzal. He wasn't an angel youngling.

"Have you found someone to help with your condition?" she asked seriously.

Blaze nodded. Seshat was surely in his bag.

"Do you even need to ask, Jie Er?" Rebecca joked.

Th trio spent the next couple of hours chatting and eating dinner before they headed to the room Jie Er and Rebecca hired for the night. Blaze thought about introducing them to his <em>massage therapy </em>but he decided he needed an occasion with more time.

They had a quick but satisfying threesome before the two older angels dropped him off at the school entrance. Though the session was short, Blaze could feel that the two of them had missed his touch. However, there was something different about the way the two of them interacted.

<em>Hmmm. Are the two of them doing it even when I am not around? I guess that shouldn't be a surprise.</em>

"Big Bro!" Blaze heard a shout as they landed by the gate.

Blaze turned to the direction of the voice and found Aahna dragging a taller and older angel towards them. She had long greyish white hair and tawny colored skin. She looked like an older version of Aahna but her calm and quiet vibe contrasted with her daughter. It made Blaze wonder if Aahna would become quieter as she grew up.

"Minion One" Blaze whispered to Rebecca, eliciting a tiny snort.

"Why weren't you flying by yourself?" Aahna asked him when she reached him. His classmates had all seen him fly.

Aahna's mom gave them a heartfelt smile. Everything about her exuded serenity, almost like a sage or a monk. Even her simple long and white sheath gown with a red cloth belt around the waist, added to her sagacious look.

"Quieter Aahna. I don't need the whole world to know about it" Blaze chided her lightly.

"Aahna has been talking about all day. Can you really fly?" Aahna's mom asked him, giving Aahna a knowing smile.

"I can Min..."

"I am Tara Maitreya. I hope my daughter hasn't given you any trouble, little one" she replied.

"Oh No, Min Tara. We've become good friends. I think everyone likes her as well. I am sure you've already heard all about us, though" Blaze grinned at Aahna, who blushed a little.

Jie Er and Rebecca introduced themselves and Blaze cringed a little as Jie Er referred to herself as his mom. Aahna's mother turned out to be the Vice chairman of Vidisha, a large merchant guild. They all conversed for a little while before it was time for the students to head back.

Aahna and Blaze bade their farewell to the older angels and walked through the gate, while the other three took off into the town together.

"Need a lift?" Blaze asked, unfurling his wings. Their growth seemed to have stabilized. He hadn't noticed much difference in length over the past week.

"If you don't mind" Aahna replied, stepping closer to him.

Blaze picked her up with a hand and she wrapped his arms around his neck.

"Hang on tight. I've never carried anyone before" he shouted as he took to the sky. Aahna clung to him like a frightened child.

Her grip loosened when they reached a steady height and Blaze began to glide comfortably.

"Hey! That could've been dangerous" she huffed, showing her displeasure.

"Why? You aren't that heavy" Blaze replied nonchalantly.

"Doesn't matter. Carrying someone changes your center of gravity. Even adults take it slow when they carry someone new. You shouldn't take stupid risks" Aahna chided, surprising him.

The maturity of his classmates always managed to baffle him. He couldn't relate them with humans. They were much more mature than they looked in some things while being quite immature in others. <em>I guess our brains mature differently.</em>

"I am sorry" Blaze apologized. "But I am used to varying center of gravity. My wing technique hardens my wings and drastically increases their weight" he added in his defense.

Aahna nodded.

They landed in front of the dormitory and Blaze gently set her down.

"Thank you" Aahna replied, turning to head into the dorm.

"Aahna" Blaze called out to her. "I think the three of you can become good friends. You should give her a chance" Blaze said, once she turned back.

Aahna considered it for a moment before nodding and heading in.

"Alright, punks! Let's play something different today" Blaze announced after breakfast, on the morning of Sundas. By now, most of them were used to his weird vocabulary.

"Football?" Rachel suggested from his right. Aahna and Bi occupied his left.

"I saw a court with three nets at the entertainment building. Any idea what that is?" Blaze asked.

"Troinet" Bi answered softly.

"Oh? How do you play it?"

"Hit a ball between the nets and try to make the other team miss. It can be played by fifteen players on each side but since we can't fly, I think we shouldn't have more than six on each side. How do you not know what Troinet is?" Rachel responded.

Blaze just shrugged his shoulders.

"Let's try it. We need to check out the entertainment building anyway. I am sure there are enough courts for everyone" Blaze said.

Though some angels decided to stay back and laze around, most of the others went along with Blaze. The building, like all others in the academy, was massive. It housed a variety of indoor games; from a snooker looking game to weirdly shaped bowling pins and so on.

The building was surrounded by innumerable courts of different sports. The Troinet court was a hundred cubic feet of netted enclosure, with three nets of varying widths. They left ten-foot gaps at heights of 10, 60 &amp; 90 feet respectively.

The ball could be hit through any of the gaps and points were gained by making the opposite team miss. It was considered a miss if you hit the net, let the ball bounce or hit the outer net, or if the ball was touched by more than two players or twice by the same player, before sending it back to the other side.

It seemed like volleyball with an added dimension.

Blaze and Rachel became the defacto captains and they in turn picked five players each. Blaze intentionally picked Bi and left Aahna for Rachel. Once again, the rest of the angels decided to watch instead of playing at other courts.

They played three games for twenty-five points each and Rachel's team won all three. Though the games were close and Nina from Blaze's team put up a fighting effort, Blaze and the others' mediocre performance wasn't enough to pull the score in their favor.

"I guess even <em>Big Bro</em> is not good at everything" Rachel joked as she shook his hand at the end of the third game.

"Why would I need any of you if I can do everything by myself" Blaze joked back.

"Where are you taking that?" Rachel asked from her sofa when Blaze put a large green couch from the living room into his space ring. The couch was located somewhat in the center of the living room and had become his unofficial throne. The others kept away from it even when he wasn't around.

"It's nice and warm outside. I am gonna put it out in the sun and take a nap" Blaze replied lazily. It was a beautiful after noon and they had just eaten a scrumptious lunch. He was feeling somewhat drowsy.

Rachel nodded. Blaze wasn't the only one who had decided to spend the afternoon under the sun.

Though the afternoon sun was glaring down on the grass field, a cool Frostfall breeze blew from the north, making it an ideal time to take a sunbath.

Blaze placed the couch in the middle of a garden and planted a sunbathing umbrella behind it. He had picked it up from the storeroom. The matron, over the years, had apparently accumulated almost anything the students could ever need.

He jumped onto the couch and adjusted the umbrella so that it covered his face and cooled his upper body. He wasn't sure if angels we susceptible to sunburn, but he wasn't taking any chances.

He closed his eyes and felt the warmth of the sun wash over his legs and the cool breeze brush against his face. It was extremely comfortable.

Suddenly, he felt an urge to open his wings. He sat upright and manifested them. The afternoon sun radiated against his bright colors and made his wings look even more magnificent.

He admired them for a moment before he flopped them to the sides and fell back into the couch; his legs resting on a short wooden stool that was also procured from the storeroom.

The couch was quite large, and he had enough room to stretch his arms and legs. Within moments he drifted off into a deep dreamless slumber.

When he awoke, the sun had travelled around thirty degrees from where it had been when he had fallen asleep. But that was not what surprised him. He felt weight on his wings, hands and the left side of his body.

He tilted his head to find Ahna, Bi and Rachel snuggled into him, with his wings wrapped comfortably around them. Rachel on his right, and Bi and Aahna on his left. The northern breeze had turned colder, making it even more pleasant for the sleeping trio.

Blaze had an urge to shove them off, but it went away as quickly as it came. When he looked at their peaceful and pretty faces, a new emotion rose inside his heart and stomach.

There was nothing sexual about this new feeling. It was an intense urge to protect them. Her wanted to wrap them in his wings and hug them.

<em>I wanna feel like a big brother, not a freaking dad! </em>He complained into the air before letting his head fall back with a sigh.

Blaze spent Sundas evening finishing his homework for the week. The assignments had been easy to complete, but Blaze spent extra time on his History essay.

He argued in favor of the Pixies but added that some form of repercussion was warranted to prevent future oversights like the ones made by the Pixie nobility. He gave suggestions on what those repercussions could potentially be.

As Blaze walked to the Lecture building with his classmates, on the morn of Morndas, he was beheld by the sight of numerous angels of varying sizes zipping towards the building. Classes had officially started.

The day went by as usual, until after Seshat's class.

"Blaze, Can I talk to you for a moment?" she asked him.

"Yes, Min Seshat?" Blaze asked her once they were out in the hallway.

"I am sorry, Blaze. Headmistress Fiora has deemed it inappropriate to offer you extra lessons. I can still help you during my office hours" Seshat told him apologetically. She felt sorry for him and for herself.

"I understand, teach" Blaze replied glumly. <em>That damned headmistress. She needs a good spanking. </em>He cursed internally.

Seshat comfortingly patted his head, before he returned to class.

When classes ended that evening, Blaze skipped tea and took off to the registrar's building. He wanted to set things right, before his Pegasi class.

"I need to..." Blaze started, as he spotted Alice outside Fiora's office.

"Go on in" Alice replied with a smile.

"Close the door and have a seat" Fiora replied as soon as he stepped inside.

"You knew I was coming?" Blaze asked puzzled.

Fiora nodded pensively.

"I am sorry, nothing you say will convince me to let Seshat give you private tutoring. However, you're free to hire someone not affiliated with the school" Fiora said, before Blaze could even start his spiel.

"Ugh! What's the big deal?" Blaze asked, feeling a little flustered. The whole speech he had built up in his mind was foiled by her unyielding words.

"Why don't you think about it for a moment? I agree that you're special, but do you think it is fair for the teachers to spend extra time because you learn faster? If we allow that with you, we should allow it with every other student who can skip ahead. The whole concept of a school and classroom become pointless"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
It made sense.

"You were the one who put me in a year that I don't belong!" Blaze complained, unable to think of anything else.

"Have you mastered all of the year 1 material? If so, you wouldn't need Seshat's help. You already have my permission to retake your tests whenever you're ready" Fiora replied. Her tone neither angry nor pleasant.

"This is so stupid. You're just slowing me down. I can't improve my academics nor can I improve my combat skills. I might as well join anoth..."

"About your combat training" Fiora cut him off. "I've already decided to let you join a higher class. I've heard about your ability to fly. I just need to know how strong you are"

Blaze was once again strapped for words. His frustration at not having Seshat as his private teacher had made him think that Fiora was against him.

"umm... I am not really sure. My physical strength is on par with an adult, but I may be behind in my mastery of techniques and weapons. I should be able to beat most fourth or fifth years, though" Blaze replied thoughtfully. His training with Jie Er and Rebecca had made him more prudent in evaluating the strength of angels.

Fiora reigned in her surprise and gauged him for a moment. He didn't seem to be bragging or over estimating himself.

"Anastasia did say you defeated Brija in a challenge match. My assumption that the handicap was too high might've been hasty. I think we should try starting you with a fourth-year class. I will ask Alice to take you and explain your situation to your new teacher. It starts at five" Fiora replied.

"But, what about my Pegasi class?" Blaze asked.

"I can't work around your schedule, unless you want to start with the third-year combat training. You'll just have to ask Claudis if she can spare you some time on the weekends" Fiora answered.

"I don't get it. Why won't you allow me to take extra classes with Min Seshat but you can make way for these?" Blaze asked feeling half happy and half miffed.

"These don't count as extra classes" Fiora replied curtly.

"Sigh. Thanks for the letting me into the fourth-year combat training class, I guess" Blaze replied snappily and got up to leave.

"Miss Blaze. Contrary to what you may believe, I sincerely wish the best for you and want you to receive a well-rounded education" Fiora said to his back. The sincerity in her voice was hard to miss.

"I know. But I am a kid and can get emotional at times" Blaze replied over his shoulder, leaving Fiora to delve over the irony of the statement.

"Umm... Miss Blaze? Can I speak to you about something else?" she asked, quickly getting over her befuddlement.

"Yeah?" Blaze replied, turning back.

"I've been thinking about what we did the last time you were in my office. I did some research and it doesn't seem that the anus is in no manner the right orifice for the intended purpose of your organ. Can you satisfy my scientific curiosity and show me vaginal penetration?" Fiora asked him sheepishly.

"Now?"

Fiora nodded.

Blaze stared at her in amazement, as a trace of blush crept up her cheeks. <em>For Science?</em>

"You want me to put my thing in your vagina?" Blaze asked her again for confirmation.

"Yes. That would be the easiest, I presume. Why do we need to ask someone else, when I am available? Moreover, I could get additional insights from a personal experience" she replied sagely.

Blaze considered denying just to get back at her, but he quickly chose otherwise. Despite his misgivings, he did believe the headmistress intended well. Besides, he kinda liked her sternness.

"Ok! But only if you follow my lead and let me do my thing" Blaze replied.

"Of course! I am at your command, as long as it is related to the act of copulation. That's the term for what we will be doing" Fiora replied, sounding excited.

Blaze couldn't tell if she was just horny or if it was truly scientific curiosity. <em>Maybe both?</em>

He considered his next actions and walked up to the recliner sofa facing the bookshelves. He turned it around to give themselves more room and invited her over. They didn't have much time before his next class, so he wanted to get a move on with it.

Fiora stood up and walked over slowly. She was in her usual short one-piece suit skirt with a red scarf around her neck, but Blaze couldn't get enough of it. This time, however, she wasn't wearing any stockings and her long pale legs were completely bare.

Her high black and red heels gave her hips a sensuous sway, and her tight skirt accentuated her plump butt and her slim narrow waist.

"Sit down and relax" Blaze told her hungrily, feeling a stir in his boyshorts.

Fiora noticed his predatory look but it only made her want him more.

<em>It is him! And not merely the idea that is having this effect on my mind, </em>Fiora thought as she sat down on her recliner.

Blaze didn't give her any more time to ponder over such things. He immediately climbed on to the chair, straddled her hips and dove for her bright red lips.

Blaze hadn't kissed her the previous time and Fiora was taken by surprise. However, she was affected by his hunger and she quickly responded. Her arms wrapped around his waist and she drew him in as she started responding to his lips.

Liking her response, Blaze quickly pushed his tongue in and grasped at hers. They collided. He immediately tasted her sweetness, a little tangy like grapes.

As the kiss intensified, Blaze crept his hands underneath him and reached for her plump bust. He roved his hands over her and felt her squishiness through her top and her black lacy bra.

"Mmmh" Fiora groaned into his mouth.

She reached her hands to his boyshorts and pulled them down to grab onto his buttcheeks. She squeezed them as Blaze started dry humping into her.

Her skirt rode up her thighs, revealing lacy transparent black panties. The warm bare skin of her legs and thighs rubbed against his.

Finally, Blaze couldn't take it anymore. He got off the chair and pulled Fiora forward with her hand. He pulled his shorts down and Fiora leaned in willingly. She had experience from the previous time.

She wrapped her long fingers around the base of his member and brought her crimson lips to his tip. She smooched his tip, gave it a lick and took it in.

Blaze leaned forward and tried to undo her crimson hair wrapped around her head in a braided bun, but it proved futile.

Noticing his efforts, Fiora held his member with her lips and reached for hair. Her luxurious hair fell down her shoulders in a cascade, making her seem even more beautiful.

Noticing Blaze spellbound by her, Fiora looked up into his eyes and moved her lips down on his member. She took his member as deep as she could, until his tip almost hit the back of her throat.

Soon, she started using the pressure from her cheeks to suck on his member.

"Nugh" Blaze grunted, unable to control himself. He felt himself hitting a peak. Watching the usually stern headmistress suck on him without abandon was a great turn on. He held her by the cheeks and slowly pulled out, drawing a strand of saliva with his tip.

He pushed her back on to the couch and pulled down her top, revealing her pale white breasts and light pink nipples. They were quite erect. He caressed and brushed them for a moment before reaching down to her lace panties.

Fiora raised her legs and he pulled them off her. She spread her legs apart, giving Blaze access to her light pink slit and slightly bulging lips that were glazed by her wetness.

Blaze wanted to suck on her lower lips but Fiora just pulled him in.

"I need it, now!" Fiora panted as he fell on top of her. She spread her thighs and lay her legs on the armchairs, letting Blaze fall between them.

"We should take it slow. It can hurt the first time" Blaze panted back. His member brushed against her slit and her nub. He had to control himself from plunging in.

Fiora answered by grabbing the hems of his tank top and pulling it up. Blaze raised his hands and she pulled it off. She gazed at his body that was so different from hers and the rest of the angels. Suddenly, she felt the heat in the pit of her stomach increase even more.

She reached for his penis, held his hot length with her long thin fingers and lined him with her lower hole.

"Put it in please!" Fiora panted.

Blaze couldn't help but push forward a little. His tip forced her lips apart and penetrated her. She was tight, hot and amazingly wet.

Blaze placed his hands by her sides and looked up into her emerald eyes. She grabbed his butt cheeks and quickly pulled him into her.

"Aaaaaahhh" Fiora cried as his entire length speared into her. Whether it was due to chance, or her arousal or because she had experimented before, Blaze didn't feel anything tear. However, her tight walls clamped around him in a searing hot grip.

Blaze fell into her and started sucking on her breasts as he grinded into her with his hips. Fiora gripped his springy butt cheeks and pushed him into herself as she tried to move her body in rhythm.

"Mmmh Mmmh Aah Aaaah Mmmmmmh" Fiora moaned as every push of Blaze's hips equally titillated her nub and her insides. She had learned to let go of herself.

Heat and pleasure spread throughout her body and Fiora wrapped her arms and legs around her student, pushing his entirety into herself. She ran one hand through his hair and over his back while the other held onto his butt.

Soon, Blaze started humping into her.

Thwack Thwack Thwack. He rammed his groin into her wetness. Her hot walls were well lubed, and it made for comfortably entry. But they were also very tight and needy; continuously grasping and massaging his member.

Slowly, their arousals reached a peak and Blaze held himself for his principal.

"Aaaaaaaah!" Fiora finally let out a scream and shuddered.

A flood of viscous wetness drowned his member and drenched his groin.

"Headmistress?" the door opened, and Alice's startled head popped in. Her jaw dropped when she saw the scene in front of her. The previous time, the young angel had mounted the headmistress from behind. Now he was on top of her. <em>And why were they naked?</em>

"Alice! Shut the dooooor. Aaaah!" Fiora moaned, as another orgasm coursed through her body.

Blaze burst and added his own jets of fluid into her cervix.

Instead of going away, Alice walked in and shut the door behind her.

Blaze jutted his hips and released himself into her. Fiora hugged him tightly and went through her own orgasm.

"Min Fiora? Is this combat strength assessment?" Alice asked them softly, feeling utterly bewildered.

Fiora's glazed and satiated eyes moved to Alice and tried to focus on her.

"Alice...You were supposed to wait outside..." Fiora muttered, not knowing how to respond.

"<em>It's anatomy"</em>, Blaze whispered into the skin between her breasts. He had his hands cupped over her soft mounds. He lightly squeezed them and played with her nipples as he enjoyed the conversation between the headmistress and her naÃ¯ve secretary.

"<em>What?</em> Oh, right! This is a little sensitive, but Miss Blaze is an unnatural, Alice. She has a strange organ at the place of her vagina. We were just studying its anatomy and testing its function" Fiora explained. Everything she said was technically true.

"Oh!" Alice exclaimed as understanding seemed to dawn on her. She had noticed the strange connection the two of them seemed to have at their groins.

She walked up to the chair and kneeled behind them, observing the point of their union.

"Alice? What are you doing?" Fiora asked, feeling a little embarrassed.

"I am curious, headmistress. I want to see how you ... unplug?" Alice replied curiously.

"I'd rather not, Alice. Can you please wait outside?" Fiora replied sternly, her legs and arms tightening around Blaze.

Blaze was quite comfortable in her warm hug and wanted to play with her breasts a little more, but the thought of making Fiora even more embarrassed took priority in his mind.

"I don't mind, headmistress. She's already seen it. I think we should show her more. For Science!" Blaze said, unable to control the grin on his face.

Fiora was flustered but she couldn't stop him for no good reason.

Blaze place dhis hands on her sides and raised his hips in an intentionally slow manner.

Alice watched in wonder as his still somewhat erect member slowly receded out of Fiora's vagina. She was amazed by how deep it seemed to have penetrated her. <em>And what is that sticky wetness?</em>

His prick pulled out with a pop, revealing Fiora's now gaping hole.

Alice sucked in a deep breath and Blaze lingered over Fiora for a little longer than necessary to give Alice a good view.

"Oh My! You've got a big hole, headmistress" Alice commented dumbly, when Blaze finally got off her and the chair.

Fiora immediately sat upright and closed her legs, placing one on top of the other. She wanted to both curb the outflow of the sexual fluids inside her and to stop giving Alice a view of her vulnerable region. She for some inexplicable reason felt embarrassed by it. Her pale cheeks had already turned red and the fact didn't escape Blaze's eyes.

"That's just because of Miss Blaze's member, Alice. The vagina can stretch. It will go back to normal" Fiora explained, lowering her head and pretending to adjust her bra and top.

Alice turned her attention to Blaze's member as he pulled out a piece of cloth and started cleaning himself.

"It became smaller!" she exclaimed.

"Yeah. It gets big only when its excited" Blaze replied. He let Alice watch for a few more moments before going to pick his boyshorts.

"So, what is the purpose of the organ, headmistress?" Alice asked getting up from her knees.

"I think its primary purpose is to provide pleasure. It may be a relic of evolution. A few million years ago, it might've had a different purpose" Fiora replied, standing up and pulling her skirt down to her thighs.

A trickle of white fluid flowed down her thigh, but she didn't seem to pay it any attention.

"Alice, take Miss Blaze to the fourth-year combat training class. I think Uriel teaches Class 4A in the north east field. Explain to her about Blaze's situation and tell her that I believe she is strong enough to take her class. However, she does need to keep a track of the areas Miss Blaze is good at and where she may need additional attention" Fiora said seriously, curbing Alice's potential questions.

"Yes, Min Fiora" Alice replied.

"Now get going before you make Miss Blaze late for her class" Fiora rushed Alice.

"Call me if you need to do more <em>research, </em>headmistress" Blaze told her with a cheeky grin before he followed Alice out of her office.

<em>I need a lock, </em>Fiora thought to herself as she closed the door. She finally got the privacy she needed to clean herself.

"Was the headmistress screaming in pleasure?" Alice asked him as they made their way down the central tower.

"Obviously" Blaze replied curtly. His mind had shifted to his new combat training class.

"Does it really feel that good?" she asked.

"Haven't met anyone who felt otherwise"

"Can I try it at some point?"

Her words finally got his attention.

"Maybe..." Blaze replied contemplatively. He was in no hurry for another commitment and he may need to save it for leverage. <em>Is this what happens when you get it too easily?</em>

He followed Alice and flew to the east of the campus. They reached the training fields within a couple of minutes.

The northeastern field was a sprawling grassland with a huge three hundred feet diameter arena in the middle. The normal class four student was fifty years old and would've been able to fly for around ten years. They needed large fields to practice.

The current class was gathered near the central arena and a couple of young angels seemed to be having a midair duel.

When Alice and Blaze landed near the group, the teacher walked up to them. The two dueling students paused their fight and dropped to the ground.

Blaze immediately recognized the teacher. She had come to Varan to represent Tir academy at the fair.

"What can I do for you, Miss Alice?" she asked her, giving Blaze a superfluous glance. She was in a tight bright pink corset that popped up her large fulsome breasts. She was pretty and very curvy, but Blaze couldn't help disliking the look in her eyes.

Remembering the incident, Blaze looked around and surely enough, he spotted a familiar snobby face among the students.

"Min Uriel, this is Blaze Er Lokra. She is a first year, but she is very special..." Alice started explaining Blaze's situation.

Blaze watched as the teacher's expression and attitude towards him slowly changed. He didn't like it. He disliked people who changed their attitude too quickly.

"That is quite unbelievable! But Miss Alice, are you sure she should be starting in year four? The third year might be more appropriate" Uriel replied, giving Blaze a practiced smile of concern.

"I am just conveying the headmistresses' instructions" Alice replied, curtly.

"Well, come on then. I will introduce you to the class" Uriel replied, taking Blaze's hand.

"Have a nice day Miss Blaze" Alice called out and took off.

"Class! This is Blaze Er Lokra. She is only a first year, but she is immensely talented. As you've seen, she can already fly, and she will be joining our class from today. Please make her feel welcome. Now let's go back to our combat assessments. Elina, Zoya, continue your duel" Uriel said out loud, introducing Blaze to the class.

Elina and Zoya, the two angels in the arena flew back into the air to continue their duel. Both were wielding a sword and a shield. Uriel stepped forward to watch the two and Blaze joined the students.

He was finally among angels that seemed to be physically around his age. A few of the angels were taller than him but their features reflected his earthen age.

As he joined the students, 'snob face' led a group of four angels with similar expressions and strutted towards him. The other students parted for them in seeming deference.

"Hello! I am Priscilla. I've noticed the brightness of your wings. It is providential that you've joined my class. I am one of the Houri of the Malakim. We accept talented and pure angels like you. if you can prove yourself, I can put in a word" Priscilla said pompously, and her entourage nodded along with her.

Priscilla was a long-haired brunette who had her hair in two ostentatious pigtails. She was quite beautiful, with brilliant blue eyes, long lashes, a perfect nose and pouty red lips. But her beauty was too perfect. It seemed like a faÃ§ade to hide an inner ugliness.

She was an inch or so taller than Blaze and wore a spider netted maroon and black corset. It barely covered a bust that seemed too big for her size. A pair of thin lacy and revealing boyshorts covered her pert butt. Glassy black stilettos added a few more inches to her height.

"Houri?" Blaze asked her offhandedly. He was not at all interested in her, her offer or the Malakim.

His gaze wandered to the other students and suddenly spotted someone else familiar. Her diminutive figure was hidden among the other students but her bushy orange head was hard to miss. She was throwing furtive glances at him but looked away when she noticed him looking at her.

"We are the chaste, the pure and the beautiful! We are the chosen of the Malakim and they only select the best in each year. We ..." Priscilla started.

"Are there 72 of you?" Blaze interjected her, somewhat jokingly.

"So, you do know about us. You have a good chance to represent..."

"I am sorry, I just spotted someone I know" Blaze cut her off and walked towards the hiding angel.

Priscilla stared at his back in astonishment and irritation.

"Hey! Remember me? Sorry, I forgot your name. I've been bombarded with so many new names. I only remember that it sounded cool" Blaze said to the girl, who finally stopped trying to hide.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Siofra", she muttered diffidently.

"Siofra. How have you been? I was placed in the first-year cause' I failed in social studies. I really didn't expect to see you today" Blaze replied cheerfully, trying to make her comfortable. He was a bit of an introvert himself, so he could somewhat relate.

"Blaze right? For your own sake, you should keep away from me" she said softly, glancing in the direction of the other students.

Her answer threw him off.

He followed her gaze and found Priscilla and her entourage eyeing them. Priscilla noticed his look and she started walking over. Her minions followed.

"Are you being bullied?" Blaze asked as his eyes narrowed at Priscilla. He hadn't tolerated it when he was in school on Earth and he wasn't going to do so now.

"Bullied? No. They avoid me like I am trash. You should get away before they punish you for talking to me" Siofra whispered softly as Priscilla swaggered up to them.

"You need to be careful about who you associate with, little Blaze. But it's alright. You're still young and you have a lot to learn" Priscilla cackled at them. The superciliousness and contempt that Blaze had witnessed in Varan, returned in full.

"Oh! Mum already taught me that. I choose Siofra" Blaze said in a mock tone of naivety, placing a hand on Siofra's shoulder.

Siofra's eyes widened in surprise and Priscilla's narrowed. Both were a little surprised by his attitude. His mockery was too obvious.

"You spurn your own kind for the likes of her?" Priscilla asked incredulously.

Blaze raised his brow in confusion.

"She doesn't know that I am a Pixie. I only met her once at the headmistress' office" Siofra said hurriedly, trying to get Blaze out of Priscilla's ire.

"Oh? I ..." Priscilla started, but Blaze cut her off.

"You're a pixie!? Do you guys really have four wings from hatching? I heard that they are quite colorful. Can I see them? Ooh, can I see your ears?" Blaze asked excitedly. He had noticed that there was something different about Siofra, but the fact that she was a pixie was quite a surprise.

All the angels near him looked at him confounded. None of them had expected such a reaction. Though the angels did not openly denounce the pixies, most had a certain level of mistrust towards them.

The pixies had always been known for their frivolousness and mischievousness but their role in the demon uprising had worsened their label and how angels treated them.

"Hmph. Let's go" Priscilla harrumphed to her followers and haughtily led them away.

"You shouldn't have done that" Siofra told him in a tone of admonishment. She didn't want him to suffer for her sake. She also didn't care about his help.

"I was just trying to help, you know?" Blaze replied with a smile.

"I didn't ask for it nor do I need it" Siofra replied dismissively.

"I don't need permission to defend someone being wronged" Blaze retorted, finally starting to get annoyed with her.

Siofra was once again surprised by his words. Being a diplomat's daughter and growing up in a land that disliked her kind, she had learnt to consider everyone with a bit of skepticism. Blaze's words left no room for it.

"I really hope you don't regret it" she finally sighed back.

Blaze chose not to reply and silently stood by her side, watching the arena and radiating defiance against anyone who tried to judge his attitude towards the little pixie.

The duels were short and were mainly performed to assess each other's improvement over the previous decade. Zoya had defeated Elina in a few moves but most of the other duels were stopped before a result could be achieved.

Blaze watched them with interest, assessing his classmates' skills. He was a better flyer than them, but most appeared to be more adept than him with their weapon of their choice. Blaze was confident about his physical strength, but he couldn't judge how they compared in energy manipulation.

He wanted to aske Siofra about her own strength, but he didn't want to be the one to restart the conversation.

"Min Uriel" Priscilla called out, after eight or nine duels. She glanced at Blaze and gave him a hostile sneer.

"I understand that the pixie is a diplomat's daughter and we have to show her some consideration. However, I am not entirely convinced that Blaze belongs in our class. She maybe a gifted angel but I find it hard to believe that she is strong enough to learn at our level? For her own sake, I think we should test her. If she isn't good enough, we should send her back to the second or third year"

"Now, now, Priscilla. Even if I do agree with you, Blaze is here on the headmistress' recommendation. Don't be too hard on her. I think we should allow her to watch and make the decision herself" Uriel responded with a smile. She didn't even look at Blaze and her attitude irked him.

She had done the same at Varan. There seemed to be some sort of a relationship between her and Priscilla. She was too accommodating. Though her words sounded ameliorative, her attitude indicated otherwise.

"Who do you want me to fight? <em>You</em>?" Blaze spoke up. He had enough of the conceited angel.

"Hahaha" she cackled. "Good joke! You can fight with Nara, here" she said pointing towards one of her lackeys. "She isn't the weakest in our class, but if a genius such as yourself can't even put up a fight with <em>her,</em> you should probably go back to your foundations" Priscilla replied smugly.

"Don't. Priscilla seems to be one of the strongest angels in the fourth year and her lackey shouldn't be a weakling either" Siofra whispered from his side. She hadn't met any of them before, but she was a good judge of such things.

She held his arm to stop him from rushing in.

"I accept" Blaze proclaimed to Priscilla. He was going kick her minion's ass before he got around to hers.

"Min Uriel, do we have your permission?" Priscilla.

"Sure. Don't be too harsh on her, Nara. We don't want our latest genius to lose her confidence" Uriel replied. She seemed to have already decided the result.

Blaze was both surprised and not surprised by her assumption. No one besides his aunts and Elyssa knew how strong he was. Despite his premature development of wings, there was no reason to assume that his strength was extraordinary. However, why would anyone look down on someone who was recommended by the headmistress?

"Fine" Blaze replied curtly. Siofra's grip tightened.

"It's fine. I am <em>really</em> strong" he whispered to her with a grin and stepped forward.

A burly blonde angel, a little under six feet tall confidently stepped up. She was wearing a blue lace top and a short cream battle skirt.

She gave him a sneer and walked up to the weapons rack to pick up a blunted spear. She didn't even bother to go for a forearm shield which was the norm for spear wielders.

She twirled the spear around in a show of adroitness.

Blaze didn't even acknowledge her actions. To him, she was just a pawn of Priscilla.

He unfurled his wings and pulled out his Viridian bat. There was a short pause of awe before a wave of chuckles went around among the students. Siofra looked at him dismayed. She didn't think he'd pull out a toy.

"We aren't playing around" Nara mocked at him.

"This is more than enough for you" Blaze sneered back, trying to rile her up. He succeeded.

Nara manifested a pair of short &amp; wide apricot colored wings and jumped into the arena. Blaze followed her without a fuss.

"You can't change your weapon during the fight. You can't fly out of the arena or more than a hundred and fifty feet high. You lose if you give up or if you're downed. I also maintain the right to stop the match and declare a winner" Uriel explained the rules. "I assume you've learned the basics of body reinforcement?" she asked him in the passing.

Blaze nodded and jumped up into the air. He had already started the process of reinforcing his skin, just to be safe. He hovered at a height of seventy-five feet and invited his opponent with a flick of his fingers. It only helped in further enraging her.

Nara shot up into the air and hovered fifty feet away from him.

"Are you ready?" she screamed, pointing her spear at him.

Blaze shot towards her without warning.

<em>She's fast </em>was the only thought that passed through the minds of the spectators before Blaze was upon a startled Nara.

The blonde minion hastily shoved her spear towards him. He used his viridian bat divert the incoming spear, wound up his free left arm and punched into her gut without holding back. She tried blocking it with her arm, but his fist went under it.

Nara reeled in pain and coughed up saliva. Despite reinforcing her skin, she was only fifty years old and her reinforcement blocked little more than forty percent of Blaze's power. It still hit harder than she could've imagined.

Blaze swung his shorter weapon towards her head and a flash of fear passed through her eyes.

"You lose" Blaze replied coolly, stopping the bat a few inches away from her face.

Nara wasn't as weak as the fight made her seem. She had severely underestimated her opponent and let him get through her defenses. If she had been prepared and used a forearm shield, Blaze wouldn't have been able to land such an easy blow. Moreover, her body reinforcement would've have been stronger.

However, the damage was done, and she was too rattled to continue. She lowered her gaze and nodded her head in defeat.

Blaze turned towards a fuming Priscilla and pointed his bat at her.

"Your turn!" he exclaimed softly. His voice filled the silence and made his words resound with clarity. He oozed of comfortable and natural confidence. It infuriated her.

"You think you can beat <em>me</em>?" Priscilla shrieked.

"Easily" Blaze replied arrogantly, casually hovering in midair. It was a bluff, but he was confident of defeating her. He had to do justice to Brija's defeat and he had trained quite a bit since their duel.

Priscilla snarled at him and the beatific faÃ§ade was swept away in her anger. She pulled out a jade green shield and a straight narrow longsword out of her space ring.

She unfurled a pair of brilliant white wings and leapt into the ring. Her wings were long and wide, and incredibly radiant. Despite her scowling face, the beauty of her wings was not lessened. They were almost as pretty as Jie Er's.

<em>What a farce! If she is pure then I am freaking saint.</em>

"Now, now, Priscilla. Be lenient. We don't want to offend the headmistress" Uriel chirped from outside the arena.

The teacher's obvious favoritism pissed off Blaze more than Priscilla's attitude.

"It's blunted" Priscilla replied brusquely.

Uriel nodded, apparently satisfied.

Priscilla flew up towards blaze in a lazy manner. "I suggest you use a proper weapon. I am not going to go easy on you. I will make you regret offending a Houri of the Malakim" she snarled at him.

"I may need a different weapon if you train for another hundred years" Blaze replied nonchalantly, putting a finger in his ear and pretending to clean it.

Priscilla gritted her teeth. "Whenever you're ready" she replied, bringing up her shield. She was arrogant, but she had seen enough of Blaze to be foolish.

However, instead of rushing at her like he did with Nara, he shot straight up. He stopped only when he reached a height of a hundred and fifty feet. He may have overshot a bit, but as he expected, the teacher did not disqualify him.

He grinned at Priscilla and she sneered back.

His plan was obvious and to her it seemed naive and inexperienced. A dive would increase his momentum but all she had to do was parry his first blow and Blaze would be wide open to a counter attack. She had a shield and a sword while he was wielding a stupid Flyball bat.

Blaze smiled at his opponent, hardened his wings using the Swift Wing style and dove at her.

Priscilla readied her shield, but she was once again surprised by his speed.

The speed of a dive was mostly due to gravity and one could not accelerate much more. However, Blaze's dive made it seem like air did not even bother to resist him or his wings. Moreover, the sheen over his wings concerned Priscilla.

She channeled a tremendous amount of world energy into her hand and held up her shield to receive the blow. She just needed to block the initial swing and victory would be hers. Blaze reached her and swung his bat using both of his hands and the built-up momentum.

<em>CLANG!</em>

The sound of his Viridian bat against the shield reverberated throughout the vast training field.

Priscilla hurtled to the ground and Blaze rebounded a little. She spread her wings and tried to slow her fall, but she still landed heavily on her feet and a cloud of dust mushroomed around her feet and spread outwards.

Blaze did not let up and instantly shot towards her again.

<em>CLANG!</em>

Priscilla once again blocked his blow. She felt the strain on her hand and on her legs. But she was on her feet and the ground provided enough support and leverage. She swiped her sword at Blaze's neck with enough force to potentially break it.

The rebound from his hit and a quick flap of his wings allowed him to escape within a hair's breadth.

A trace of trepidation flash through Priscilla's mind. Blaze didn't seem exceptionally skilled with his bat, but his strength was uncanny. She had to use most of her strength just to defend herself.

Blaze flapped his wings and put some distance between them, expecting Priscilla to follow. However, she held her ground and watched. It was easier to defend on the ground and all she needed was a single counter attack to land.

"Is that all you got?" Blaze taunted at her.

"I confess my surprise at your raw strength. It is higher than mine. But you've aligned yourself with the wrong sort. On behalf of the Malakim and your mother, I consider it my duty to make you see the light and to teach you how to judge the worthy" Priscilla proclaimed sanctimoniously.

Her minions and a few other classmates cheered for her.

"Judge? My mother? She taught me how to judge people by their actions. You are not even a fraction as worthy as Siofra" Blaze replied, referring mostly to his earth mother and little to Jie Er's words.

"Trash! You dare compare me with that filth?" Priscilla pointed at Siofra with her sword. "I thought you still had some hope. But I was wrong. You're trash, and your mother must be as well. Only trash can hatch an impure spawn like you" Priscilla scorned.

Blaze was enraged. He was usually quite forgiving in nature, but he hated people who treated other beings as trash. He dove at her and swung with all his rage.

<em>CLANG!</em>

Priscilla was pushed back from the force. Fury clouded his judgement and Blaze pressed his attack and swung at her again.

She inclined her shield and diverted his bat downwards. Blaze slightly lost his balance and Priscilla swiped her sword over her shield and at his head.

Blaze ducked down on instinct, and Priscilla's swipe swept through his hair. He planted his bat into the ground to her left and used his forward momentum to pivot around the bat and swipe his left foot at Priscilla's ankles.

Priscilla widened her stance and leaned forward to take his sweep with her left shin, without losing balance. She rotated over her hips and swung her shield and sword at him in a semicircular arc.

Shing Cling

He blocked her with the hardened tips of his feathers. He pushed off against the ground with his bat and flapped his wings to put some distance between them.

"You can harden your feathers?" Priscilla asked in astonishment.

Blaze simply smiled at her. Despite his rapidly thumping heart and the piercing pain of broken feathers, he felt exhilarated. This was his first true duel in Azra-El. There were no handicaps and he didn't have to resort to his guile and trickery. He was still extremely pissed off at his opponent, but he couldn't deny the rush he felt from the fight.

Priscilla took a moment to steady her breath and rushed towards Blaze. It was her time to counter attack. She didn't want him to regain his momentum.

Blaze, however, shot up into the sky and she followed him. If she could maintain the distance between, she felt she could still take his blows and leave enough room to counter.

Blaze rose up to the maximum height allowed and dive bombed towards his opponent. Priscilla stopped her ascent and readied her shield. However, Blaze swerved away, and dive glided to the other end of the field; instantly increasing the distance between them to around two hundred feet.

Priscilla did not hesitate to drop to the ground and put up her shield in defense. She waved her sword at him in challenge and Blaze took it. However, contrary to her expectations, he swooped down at her and swung his sword as he passed over her. She blocked his blow and Blaze ricocheted. He reached the other end of the field and dived again.

<em>Clang </em>

<em>Clang </em>

<em>Clang </em>

<em>Clang.</em>

The noise of steel against steel echoed throughout the arena as Blaze dive bombed Priscilla like a WWI airplane.

Priscilla couldn't help feeling elated at Blaze's choice of attack. He was spending way more energy than she was and would soon tire out. She could then easily defeat him and make it seem like she was toying with him all along. She really wanted to humiliate him.

However, she made two severe but warranted miscalculations. She thought that Blaze's extraordinary strength mainly stemmed from his usage of world energy and that his world energy reserves were not too different from hers, if not lower. Both her assumptions were incorrect. Blaze's strength was innate, and his world energy reserves were not far from a fully-grown angel.

Blaze's barrage continued for a few minutes before Priscilla started feeling the strain in her shield hand. It was growing numb and would soon become useless if things continued in the current fashion. She glanced at Blaze and found him no more tired than herself.

So, when he swept past her, she sprang up and followed him. She decided to finally trust her skill over stamina. Blaze turned back and dove at her almost as soon as he felt her following him. He understood his weakness and knew that he needed room to maneuver.

Jie Er and Rebecca had drilled into his head that the skill gap with his strongest opponents would only increase as he became more powerful. They would have had more time to practice. So, if he could, he would never take an opponent in a match of pure skill.

Priscilla slashed her sword as he approached. Blaze swung his bat early, hoping to catch her sword with the tip of his bat. Years of playing baseball had given him an excellent hand eye coordination and he managed to hit the sword away.

Priscilla raised her shield to defend and Blaze used his momentum to kick downwards into her shield. She careened backwards under the force of his kick and he followed her without letting up his pressure.

He swung and kicked rapidly and randomly without giving her freedom to think or counter attack. He turned a fight of skill into a street fight, where power trumped skill.

<em>Clang Bang Thump Schling.</em>

Every hit was heard loudly by the audience, as steel against steel, skin against skin, and skin against steel collided in a flurry of blows and counter blows.

Each swing and blow that Blaze dished out, increased not only the rush he was feeling but also the rage he felt against he girl. Normally, he would have considered it to be excessive, but the fight uncontrollably charged his emotions.

Finally, a particularly strong swing from his bat sent Priscilla to the ground. She landed on her feet and thrusted her sword upwards to intercept a rapidly descending Blaze.

Blaze was in the <em>zone </em>and working on pure instinct. He forcefully threw his bat at Priscilla's face. Taken by surprise, she hastily put up her shield to protect her face.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
It was a bad move. If she had dodged the throw or blocked the blow with her sword, she would've had a chance to fight a weaponless Blaze. Her shield blocked the bat, but it also blocked her vision.

Blaze dropped on her like a heavy iron and used his leg and momentum to shove the shield out of his way. Priscilla tried to swing her sword at him, but he was already inside her guard.

He blocked her sword arm with his left and brought his right fist down on her face.

<em>Crunch!</em>

A gut-wrenching sound echoed through the field as Priscilla's jaw felt the full brunt of Blaze's punch and weight.

Blood spurted from her mouth and it would've been better if she had fainted. However, her body reinforcement had lessened the blow enough to keep her awake. She clutched her jaw with her hands and fell to the ground with a banshee like scream of pain. Her sword and shield clattered to her sides.

"AIEEEEEE"

Blaze, who had landed a little away from her, was suddenly wrought with an intense wave of guilt. <em>What have I DONE? </em>Drops of blood painted the field and Blaze felt nauseous. He couldn't believe he had harmed a classmate in such a fashion.

"Yoooooouuuuuu!" Blaze heard a scream from Uriel as she rushed to into the arena, with the rest of the students after her. Everyone looked at him with a trace of fear, except Siofra. However, even she seemed a little unsure.

"I am sorry" Blaze apologized sincerely. He wanted to help the downed girl, but he was too shocked at himself to do anything.

"YOU! HOW DARE YOU!" Uriel screamed at him, instead of helping Priscilla.

"You daughter of a demon spawn. I will have you and that pixie trash expelled for this" she shrieked at him.

Suddenly, the reason why he was even put in such a situation came back to him. What if it had been him or Siofra who had been the ones lying on the ground and wrenching in pain? Would the teacher have reacted the same way?

His mind was suddenly ablaze with a fury. The anger he felt did not stem from him being wronged. It was a righteous anger he felt for the blatant injustice. He felt angry at the suffering Siofra had already faced and will face in the future. He felt angry at what the teacher was allowing in a school.

He stepped towards Uriel and a bright yellowish white light started radiating from him. Almost like sunlight streaming from behind a white cloud. It wasn't blinding but it was bright enough to blur his form.

"HOW DARE I? HOW DARE <em>YOU</em>? You could've prevented all of this. It is your job as a teacher to protect your students. Instead, you allowed for open bullying of an innocent student. You even let Priscilla pick on me, when I've only just started attending your class. YOU WILL EXPEL <em>ME</em>? I DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT ATTENDING A SCHOOL WITH TEACHER'S LIKE <em>YOU</em>" Blaze shouted as he slowly walked towards her.

Uriel stepped back in fear while the rest of the students seemed to look at Blaze in deference.

Blaze stopped when he realized that the teacher wasn't responding.

"YOU!" he called out to Siofra's minions. They all looked at him like deer stuck in headlights.

"Take her to the infirmary. NOW!" Blaze exclaimed.

"Yes!" they squeaked in unison and rushed towards girl on the ground. Even she had stopped wailing and was staring at Blaze in amazement, despite the immense pain she felt.

"SIOFRA! You come with me" he shouted, unable to control his voice. It contained a slight echoing tenor that made people want to obey him without question.

Siofra hesitantly stepped up to him, but she wasn't scared. None of the students really felt fear. It was only Uriel that felt the brunt of Blaze's wrath.

He grabbed Siofra by the waist and took off towards the Registrar's office.

Uriel fell to her knees as Priscilla's followers took her to the hospital. The other students stood around, unsure of what to do. Slowly, they began flying back to their dorm.

Neither Blaze nor Siofra uttered a word as they flew towards their destination. Blaze's radiant light hadn't stopped streaming and Siofra silently basked in its warmth. She looked at Blaze's face in wonder, trying to make sense of everything. She knew what was happening, but she couldn't figure out why.

When Blaze dropped at the Registrar's office and walked inside, everyone stopped what they were doing and stared at him in wonder. Blaze clutched Siofra's hand and led her upstairs.

"I need to see the headmistress, now" Blaze said to Alice when they entered the sixth floor.

Alice took one look at him and rushed to the headmistress' door. She rapped on it a few times and when she got the confirmation, she hastily opened the door and followed the two students into the office.

"HEADMISTRESS! How can you let such a teacher teach at your school? You're supposed to be the best school in Aranya! Is this what amounts to the best? Racism and bullying? We are angels! How can you ..." Blaze started his rant.

Fiora looked at Blaze with both surprise and amazement. She composed herself and let Blaze ramble for a while before she spoke.

"Miss Blaze. I need you to calm down and explain everything that happened. I believe you. I can't afford not to. However, I need you to calm your anger and trust me. I promise I will take care of everything" Fiora told him firmly but soothingly.

The anger inside him was suddenly washed away by her alleviating words. The light he was emitting quickly dimmed and was soon snuffed out. Blaze suddenly felt awash with an inexplicable weakness.

He clutched the chair in front of him and flopped into it. He placed his hands-on his knees and leaned forward to steady himself and stop his head from reeling. Siofra sat down beside him and started rubbing his back to soothe his discomfort.

"Alice? Can you get her something hot to drink and regain her energy?" Fiora asked her secretary.

Alice nodded and rushed out of the room.

They sat in silence as Blaze composed himself and waited for Alice. She came back with a cup of steaming hot chocolate and handed it to Blaze. She quickly sat down on the chair beside him.

"Drink" Fiora ordered.

Blaze took a sip and as the sweet hot liquid flowed down his throat and stomach, he immediately started feeling better.

"Miss Blaze?"

"Can you drop the miss and just call me Blaze?" he said, finally showing some annoyance at the prefix. It had always bothered him. Though Azra-El's language had no gender pronouns, he always translated it as miss in his mind.

"Ok, Blaze. Do you know what just happened with you?" Fiora asked him slowly, enunciating each word.

"I am not sure. Maybe I spent more energy than I expected in my duel. I am here to talk about that ..." Blaze started.

"Righteous Fury!" Siofra cut him off with a squeal of excitement.

"Righteous what!?" Blaze asked her.

"Did you not notice the light you were emitting?" Fiora asked him patiently.

"I was emitting light?" Blaze replied, baffled.

"Sigh, I expected as much. You don't have any idea of what Righteous Fury is?" Fiora asked him again.

Blaze pondered over the words for a couple of moments before he shook his head.

"It's how princess Aleaya put an end to the persecution of the eastern Pixies. She ..." Siofra started eagerly, unable to contain herself.

"Miss Siofra... I think she needs a better explanation. We will get back to it after you tell me what happened at the training field" Fiora put a stop to Siofra's rambling.

So, for the next few minutes, Blaze recanted his experience while Siofra interspersed his tale with juicy details. He felt pleased by her sudden cheerfulness.

He had feared that she had been too bullied to display such expressive joy. If he went by how she had acted during the class, it was easy to assume that she had faced worse bullying at her previous school.

"I apologize for what you have been put through, Miss Siofra. I expect better from my teachers. Uriel will be dealt with. I doubt even the Malakim will protect her against Righteous Fury. Would you mind if I shift you to class F? It has a vacancy and moving you away from Priscilla and her classmates is probably for the best" Fiora said, once they finished their tale.

Siofra nodded.

"I want to take my combat training with her" Blaze interjected.

"That is the idea" Fiora smiled at him.

"So, what's this Righteous Fury?" Blaze finally asked.

"After the demons betrayed the Pixies..." Siofra started.

"Ms. Siofra, can you let me explain this one? I am sure you will have plenty of time to tell her all about the Pixie princess" Fiora stopped her with a grin.

Siofra quietened down with a slight blush.

"Righteous Fury is the pinnacle justiciar for the angels. It is a resonance that occurs with the world's energy when an angel feels righteous indignation against an injustice being committed against others. It only occurs when the source of such indignation is completely pure, so it never happens when someone is defending themselves or if there is even a trace of self-interest. So, when someone displays Righteous Fury, it is assumed without a doubt that their actions or words carry true justice" Fiora elaborated.

"It means that you fought against Priscilla and stood up to teacher Uriel only for my sake and nothing else. It also means that you were right in doing so. The word energy itself deems that you are right!" Siofra elaborated.

"But what if the person displaying righteous fury is simply misinformed? Can the world energy even consider that?" Blaze questioned.

"That is a possibility but there has been no precedent for such a situation. In fact, I don't think there has been a precedent for something so trivial as your situation" Fiora replied contemplatively.

"Bullying is not trivial!" Blaze retorted.

"I don't think it is, Blaze. Princess Aleaya GlitterDust displayed righteous fury at the decadal Heavenly Union General Assembly, for the cause of the entire race of Pixies. Not every incident of righteous fury is as prominent, but you can imagine the usual scale. The news of this incident will spread like wildfire. If you wish for it, I can try to keep things quiet for a while, but I doubt I will be very successful." Fiora elaborated.

"It's alright" Blaze muttered. He was gonna get famous/infamous whether he liked it or not. He might as well embrace it in his own terms.

Blaze and Siofra conversed with Fiora for a little while longer as she explained more about the light he had emitted.

"Alice, can you take Ms. Siofra to the 4F dorm and explain to the matron about the situation? Ms. Siofra, I once again apologize for Uriel's behavior. You can expect a significant improvement in the way my teachers treat you, even if the situation with the students doesn't improve" Fiora said to Alice and Siofra.

"Ms. Blaze, if I can have a moment" Fiora added to Blaze

"I will see you at training tomorrow, Siofra" Blaze said to her before they parted ways.

"Blaze, injuries during practice duels are unavoidable, but please go easy on your classmates. I don't expect a similar incident any time soon" Fiora told him seriously. She meant it to be part warning and part request.

"The Malakim can be a fanatical bunch and the chosen are treated as gods. Uriel is a member of Malakim. That is why she was so partial to Priscilla. I apologize for not anticipating her behavior. Regardless, what's done is done. You should expect the Malakim to actively recruit you. They have a thing for purity. However, if you don't plan on joining them, you may face minor reprisals for humiliating one of their own. Just be careful" Fiora added.

Blaze nodded.

"Also, I can't allow Seshat to give you extra lessons, but nothing is stopping you from having a conversation over dinner or lunch" Fiora added with a smile. It was a gift of apology.

Blaze gave her a cheeky grin before he left. He had already been planning to do exactly that.

Blaze flew back to the dorm and gave his matron a quick explanation. She was a little annoyed but accepted that he was delayed at the headmistress' office.

"How did it go?" Fiora casually asked Alice, after she returned from dropping Siofra at her new dorm.

"Min Martina was quite gracious. She said she will take care of Siofra" Alice replied.

"Prepare an official letter of termination for Uriel Arden" Fiora told her as she wrote on a piece of official looking parchment. There was already a stack of them by her side.

"Is it wise to do it so quickly?" Alice questioned her decision.

"I don't want the Malakim to come up with another random excuse. I have put up with them for long enough" Fiora replied curtly, as her quill shaped pen zipped over the paper.

"Min Fiora?" Alice asked after a moment. "Did you anticipate tonight's events?"

Fiora stopped writing and looked at Alice in surprise before she burst into a peal of laughter.

"I am not smart enough to scheme that far ahead, Alice. How can I predict the occurrence of Righteous Fury?" she replied with a giggle. She seemed quite pleased.

"But I don't see why else you would choose to put Blaze and miss Siofra in Class 4A?" Alice pressed on.

"I put Miss Blaze in that class because I knew she wouldn't put up with Uriel and Priscilla for too long. I wanted her to experience the Malakim before they had a chance of wooing her. As you know, their offers can be quite tempting. Maybe my idea was inordinate, but it turned out much better than I even anticipated. Righteous Fury, Alice! Even the Malakim can't go against that. We got a talented child, Alice, and now have a good understanding of her character" Fiora explained to her protegee of sorts.

"And miss Siofra?"

"That was her mother's idea. In fact, I strongly urged against it. However, I am glad she's obtained a friend from it"

The next day went by as usual, except for the fact that he received a few curious glances from his teachers. After a quick tea break, Blaze headed to the class 4 cafeteria to meet up with Siofra.

A wave of whispers went throughout the cafeteria as soon as he stepped in. Blaze spotted class 4A students near the tables at the entrance. Most averted their gazes when he glanced at them. He spotted Priscilla's minions, but he didn't see her. He still felt guilt over injuring her so badly

He found Siofra smiling at him from a table towards the west end of the cafeteria. She seemed to be by herself, but she didn't appear as lonely as she had been when he met her the previous day.

"Yo Siof! Howz it goin'?" Blaze said, walking up to her table and sitting beside her.

"How is what going? I didn't expect to see you until our class"

"Eh. I just wanted to spend some time with you" Blaze responded, grabbing her hot tea and taking a sip.

"Blaze! I've decided to become your loyal follower for the rest of my life" Siofra whispered in his ear.

"Ugh, What? I just wanted to be friends!" Blaze replied, aghast. An image of him prancing around like Priscilla and Siofra demurely tagging along behind him appeared in his mind. He didn't like it.

One could argue that his first-year classmates were comparable to Priscilla's lackeys, but Blaze looked at them as his younger sisters. Everything else was a joke.

"But, you're so amazing. Everyone's been talking about you. How am I worthy of your friendship? Only the great Elyssa Marigold can truly be your friend" Siofra replied.

"What the Hela's butt are spou..." Blaze started but immediately noticed the expression on Siofra's face. She had put on a servile look, but he could tell that she was trying too hard.

"You freaking twerp!" Blaze responded by pinching her shoulder.

A clarion laugh resounded, bringing him a smile.

"What happened to the sweet and shy girl from the headmistress' office?" he complained at her laughing face.

"Whatever made you think that?" she replied with a grin.

"Who would think otherwise with the way you've been acting! You're a con" Blaze retorted.

"This is how am with my friends" Siofra replied softly, a sudden blush creeping up her face.

Her vigorous laughter had pushed her hair back and slightly revealed her left ear and she subconsciously brought back her hair to cover it up.

Blaze suddenly leaned in and pushed her bushy hair behind her ears, revealing a pair of long, pointy and fuzzy ears. They were slim and at least three times longer than normal angels and their tips were covered with felt like orange hair.

Siofra immediately tried to hide them but Blaze held her hands. He reached a finger and felt her sharp tip. It was smooth and fuzzy. Almost like a rabbit's ear.

"You shouldn't hide them!" Blaze told her.

"I thought that angels found them weird" Siofra replied self-consciously.

"Oh, they are weird alright. But it is who you are. Don't hide yourself" Blaze replied and went back to sipping the tea. He didn't want to push her too much.

Siofra struggled with the idea for a few moments, before she gritted her teeth and decided to give Blaze's suggestion a try.

"By the way. Ely is my best friend. You will meet her soon enough. I am sure you'll like her. She is easy to prank" Blaze added nonchalantly, after a moment.

"Ely?" Siofra questioned.

"Yes" Blaze replied, still sipping his tea.

"Elyssa Marigold!?"

"Yep"

Blaze and Siofra followed the rest of the fourth year out of the Lecture building. Siofra had asked him numerous times if he was pranking her about Ely but he finally managed to convince her that Ely was truly his friend.

They joined class 4f in the central plaza as they prepared to fly towards the training grounds. Groups of angels took off at once, almost looking like a flock of humongous birds. Siofra suddenly manifested two sets of transparent red wings.

"They are so cool!" Blaze exclaimed, not hesitating to touch them.

They were soft as felt and quite thin. They were stiff like butterfly wings and had no feathers. The top wings were around six feet each with a width of around two feet. The bottom pair were slightly smaller. Each wing had three opaque yellowish orange spirals at the top with trailing tails that curved down to bottom ends of her wings.

"Let's go!" Siofra said, feeling embarrassed by Blaze's ogling. No angel had ever shown any interest in her wings.

"Wait, you can fly?"

"Of course, I can. Why else would I be taking combat training in the fourth year" Siofra replied incredulously.

"Then why did you make me carry you to the Registrar's office?"

"I was just following your orders. You were so emphatic. You just grabbed me and took off, remember?" Siofra replied.

Blaze shook his head and unfurled his own pair. They took off in tandem and were soon headed towards the south west training field.

"Don't tell me you are strong as well?" Blaze shouted as he flew beside her. The rush of wind drowning his voice.

"I am ok, I guess. I think I have a good chance of defeating you in a one on one duel" Siofra shouted back confidently.

"Oh yeah?" Blaze asked her surprised.

"Don't take me the wrong way. I am just a natural counter to your fighting style. I don't think I can defeat Priscilla though" Siofra added, when Blaze didn't bother to argue.

"Why is that?" Blaze asked her, even though he had kind of understood it.

"My wings make me very agile. I can dodge very well but I don't have much power. Priscilla is the defensive type. I have no chance of getting through her defenses and all she needs to do is land a single blow. You on the other hand, can break through her defense with your power alone. However, it will be very hard for you to land a hit on me. I can float around your rapid movements and pepper you with my sword" Siofra elaborated.

<em>Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. Wait, does that make me Mike Tyson?</em> He had to shake off an image of Muhammad Ali wearing Siofra's wings and ears.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
Their new combat training teacher was a silvery-white haired angel named Yulia Vasilek. She had shoulder length hair with bangs that covered her forehead. Her almond eyes were lime green and had a severe gaze that was accentuated by her crescent like silver eyebrows. She had a long thin nose with a smooth curve in the middle. Her lips were heart shaped and pouty. Her face was small and round with a sharp chin.

She wore a tight navy-blue half top that hugged her bulbous breasts and a navy-blue thong that was only partially covered by a red wrap around, held in place by a belt. Her legs and hands were covered with navy blue knee length socks and elbow length gloves.

She gave Blaze and Siofra a short welcome to her class and started her training without further ado. She pasted a workout routine on a training dummy and ordered them to start training.

The next hour and a half were spent in doing combat exercises and other workouts as the teacher went around talking to each student. She was a strict teacher, but she seemed to care about her students. She was giving each of them, specific and elaborate advice before she moved on to the next. She only managed to cover around eight of them before their time was up.

"Siofra, I want to invite you to come and hang out with me and the first-years, but I want to meet my Pegasi instructor today. How about you come and hang out with us tomorrow evening?" Blaze asked her after the class ended.

Siofra agreed and bade him goodbye as Blaze shot towards the aviary &amp; stable. He hoped to find Claudis at the stable, but he was out of luck. The Pegasi classes ended at six and Claudis seemed to have left by the time he reached there.

However, he had been prepared for the situation. He had taken a note of Claudis' address when he was at the Registrar's office, the previous day. Fortunately, like Seshat, Claudis lived on campus.

He shot towards the teachers' housing and arrived at his destination in a few minutes. Although he had always been a poor navigator, air travel made it simple to figure out where you were headed. North East West South. How could he go wrong?

Claudis' house was a cottage almost identical to Seshat's, surrounded by a row of spruce trees. However, the cottage had a large Pegasi stall adjacent to it and Blaze spotted Gyrill inside the stall, ruminating on some hay.

The Pegasi gave him a neigh when he landed inside the property but otherwise didn't seem to care. Blaze walked up to the carved wooden door and rapped on it with the metal knocker hanging from a wooden Pegasi mouth.

Claudis' towering figure opened the door and looked down upon Blaze's comparatively diminutive form.

"I wasn't sure if I'd see you again. Have you had dinner?" she said with a soft but still thundering voice.

Blaze shook his head. "But it can wait. I am here for..."

"Come on in. I have enough for both of us" Claudis cut him off, stepping aside to make way. She seemed to be a lot more approachable than she had been when she was taking her class.

The inside of the house contained a lot more furniture than Seshat's house. There were also two rooms, along with a kitchen and a living room. A picture of Claudis and a young angel with long whitish pink hair hung on the wall, adjacent to a brick fireplace. Gyrill stood behind them chewing on the young angel's hair. They seemed quite happy.

"Your daughter?" Blaze asked, as she led him towards the table in the kitchen.

Claudis glanced up at the wall before she replied.

"Yes. She is attending her sixth year at the Sia Academy. Otherwise, she is usually around" Claudis said, inviting him to have a seat.

The dishes were already on the table and she seemed to have been getting ready to eat when Blaze had showed up. There was indeed enough food for two people. More than enough.

"I've become so used to cooking for the two of us that I've been doing the same for the past few days" Claudis replied to his curious gaze.

"Why isn't she attending Tir?" Blaze asked politely, climbing into the high chair as Claudis set a plate in front of him.

"I was still in the military when she first started attending school. She decided to continue with her friends at Sia" Claudis explained.

"I suppose you're here to ask me for Pegasi lessons?" she asked, serving him mashed potatoes, bread, gravy and some vegetable soup in a cup. "Have as much as you want" she added.

"Yep" Blaze replied taking a taste of the potatoes and the gravy. It was quite delicious and calorific.

"Why do you care so much about Pegasi lessons? I didn't think you were particularly interested in them. Do you want to be a knight?" Claudis asked him as she started eating.

"Not exactly. But one day, I am going to ride a Quetzal" Blaze replied truthfully. He just hid the fact that he already owned a Questzal.

Claudis smiled at his honesty.

"Are you planning on visiting home during alternate weekends?" she asked him as she started eating.

"Yes. I am going back this weekend. Will that be an issue?" Blaze asked her back.

"No. Just thinking of how to schedule your lessons. What do you think of Pegasi lessons every alternate weekend, at 6:30 in the morning? You can help me with the feeding while we are at it" Claudis replied.

"Perfect!" Blaze clapped his hands in joy. He really like Claudis. She seemed like a caring straightforward person, despite her imperious nature during her Pegasi lessons. As for helping her with the feeding, it was a given since she was doing him a favor.

"Good! Now finish your meal. We will go to the aviary to let you catch up with the lesson you missed yesterday. I like to maintain a schedule and it will be easier if your lessons are in tune with your classmates" Claudis said, her military voice suddenly returning.

Blaze smiled at her and started gobbling up the food. He had had a busy day and he was starving.

"Why can't I practice on Gyrill?" he asked once he was done eating. Together, they had managed to clean up the dishes enough for three.

"She doesn't like it when it's not me or Frey behind the reins" Claudis replied, taking the dishes to the basin.

Blaze assumed Frey was her daughter. He helped her clear the table before the two of them headed out. The sun had set but it was a full moon night and the land was illuminated by a cool silvery glow.

"We can just fly to the aviary. I can fly on my own" Blaze said to Claudis when he saw her heading for Gyrill.

"I know, but <em>I</em> can't fly" Claudis replied emotionlessly.

"Oh!" Blaze muttered, not knowing what to say. An angel who could not fly was equivalent to a human who couldn't walk.

"Don't feel sorry, child. As long as I have Gyrill, I don't feel the necessity for wings" Claudis replied, noticing the expression on his face.

She brought Gyrill out and jumped on her. She straddled the horse and gave a out a hand to Blaze. He took it and climbed up behind her. Gyrill's saddle had two seats.

"Hang on" Claudis said to him as he sat behind her bodacious behind.

Blaze put his hands on her hips and clutched the belt of her boyshorts. He wanted to avoid falling off if he could help it. Manifesting wings and gaining control of flight during mid fall could be tricky.

"Hip Hip" Claudis cried and Gyrill took off into the air with a hefty lurch. Blaze wrapped his arms around Claudis stomach to steady himself.

"Min Claudis?" Blaze asked as they ascended. He had suddenly remembered something he had heard from the twins. He remembered Lin talking about someone in the army who had her wings ripped off by a Quetzal.

"Claudis is fine"

"Umm... Is it because of a Quetzal?" he asked hesitantly.

"Where did you hear that?" Claudis asked, her voice still warm.

"I know these twins from the Black Thorn Regiment. Rin and Lin. Have you heard about them?" Blaze asked, as the Pegasus circled around the aviary.

"I don't think so. But my story is probably quite popular. I was a knight captain who lost her wings" Claudis replied softly. Blaze felt a tinge of emotion.

Gyrill swooped down and landed in front of the aviary. Blaze jumped down and Claudis followed. She slapped the Pegasus's rump and Gyrill wandered off into the woods.

"Do you hate them?" Blaze asked as they walked into the stable.

"Quetzals?"

Blaze nodded.

"They are just animals, Blaze. No different from a Pegasus. It is the one who commands that should be blamed. Besides, it was in a war. I would've done the same to my opponent. I wish I could have my wings back, but I don't particularly hate anyone for losing them. Least of all the Quetzals. In fact, I admire your dream. I hope it comes true" Claudis replied sincerely.

Her words caused a knot to form in his throat. He felt his eyes turn moist and he turned away from her, pretending to look for a Pegasus.

Claudis smiled at Blaze and fetched him a Pegasus. It was a tall tawny one with white wings. She had a red patch on her forehead that matched Blaze's hair. It was one of her fastest Pegasi. It was a little temperamental but Claudis considered her to be the best Pegasus in the stable, Gyrill excluded.

"This is Badava. She will be your Pegasus for the rest of your school year. She has a bit of a temper so no one else uses her. However, if you wish to conquer a Quetzal, she should be your first stepping stone" Claudis said, introducing the Pegasus to Blaze.

Badava snapped at the air with her teeth and it reminded him of Sky. He took her reins with excitement.

Over the next hour, Claudis taught him how to tame the horse and how to ride it around in a trot. The concept of trotting was easy enough to understand but holding oneself steady and in a perfect position while trotting was not. And Badava refused to make the ride smooth or easy.

By the time he was done, Blaze's thighs were sore and bruised, and he wished to set the Pegasus's tail on fire.

"Not too bad. You should make some time to visit her during the weekdays. She will not get used to you if you only meet her a couple of times every two weeks" Claudis told him as she led the horse back to her stall. Blaze followed her.

"Is there no cure?" Blaze asked, as she closed the stall door and turned to him.

His sudden question confused her for a moment, but she understood.

"There is but its not something someone like me can afford. Don't worry, child. This is not my first year without my wings. I've grown used to it and as I said, as long as I have Gyrill, I don't feel the need for them" Claudis said, gently patting him on his cheek.

Her words only made him want to help her more.

"Min Claudis, I don't mean to be presumptuous, but can I see you try manifesting your wings?" Blaze asked her sincerely.

Claudis eyes widened. It was somewhat of a thoughtless wish.

"Please" Blaze pleaded. He really wanted to help her if he could. She was one of the nicest angels he had met, and he hated to see her crippled.

"Sigh. Why do you even want to see this?" Claudis asked him.

"I will explain once I see it. I am not asking you to do this without good reason" Blaze responded. He didn't want to give her false hope.

"Ok. I will only do it once, so watch carefully" Claudis sighed.

"Wait!" Blaze said walked behind her. Her grey half top had the two vertical slits that most angel clothing possessed at the back, but he felt that it would be better to have an unhindered view.

"Can you remove your top before doing it?" Blaze asked sheepishly.

Claudis complied. She pulled down her red harness and took off her top. Blaze noticed the sides of her boobs bounce as they got free from the cloth. He shook his head and focused on her back. His energy manipulation had not reached a level where he could sense another's energy flow, so he could only bank on his eyes.

"Please start" he asked Claudis, and she started focusing her energy into her damaged receptacles.

Pale silvery colored energy started gathering around the protruding regions of her scapula. The energy started slowly building up, but it did not conform into the shape of wings or even feathers.

Both sides displayed concentrated but deformed plates of energy that changed shapes like a viscous agitated fluid.

Claudis clenched her fists and focused. Suddenly, Blaze saw her right mass of energy sprout a tiny silvery feather. However, a whip of black energy appeared from the mass and broke it apart before quickly disappearing back into its depths.

Blaze found what he was looking for. He had realized during his <em>healing </em>sessions with Jie Er, that sex allowed him to either destroy or purify impure energy. The mottled grey spots on Jie Er's wings seemed to be artifacts of impure energy and so far, Blaze had managed to reduce more than a quarter of her spots.

Hopefully, he could do the same with Claudis.

Claudis continued to try for a few minutes before she finally gave up. Blaze spotted a few more traces of the impurity but none were as obvious as the initial whip.

Claudis turned around to find Blaze in silent contemplation. He was too lost in thought to even notice her put on her top.

"Blaze?" she asked him after a moment.

"Min Claudis? Do you know that you have impure energy in your receptacles?" Blaze suddenly asked her.

"Yes. It's not uncommon for wounds caused by Quetzals to be infected by impure energy. That's why some angels theorize that they can only be trained by someone possessing dark energy like the demons. Why do you ask?" Claudis responded.

"I know this seems a bit far fetched but I maybe able to help you with your condition. I am an unnatural. Only two people know of this, but I think I have the ability to purify impure energy. I am only telling you because I trust you" Blaze said seriously.

"You can?" Claudis asked unbelievingly.

"Yeah. I am not sure how successful I am going to be, and it may take a long time before you recover, but I think its worth a shot. The process is umm... unique and I will be doing things that you may not understand, but I can promise that the experience won't be unpleasant. I just need you to... trust me" Blaze explained.

Claudis studied him for a moment. Though his words seemed implausible, there was no reason to not give it a try. Besides, she had heard about his righteous fury and that alone made him worthy of her trust.

"Ok. What do you need me to do?" she sighed.

"hmmm. Let me think" Blaze pondered.

They could just go back to Claudis' place and have a go at it, but he wanted the first attempt to have the best result possible. The first time he had done it with Jie Er, his arousal had been slowly building up for a week. Claudis was a beautiful angel but she was no Jie Er. Moreover, he had just done it with Fiora, the previous day, and currently had no extreme craving for it.

<em>Maybe novelty can replace lust? </em>Blaze suddenly had an idea.

"Can Gyrill fly around in a steady glide while carrying the two of us?" Blaze asked.

"Sure. We need to be flying on a Pegasus for your healing?"

"umm... not really, but for best results, I need to feel something unique. At the moment, I can't think of anything else we" Blaze replied, eying her red harness.

It would be quite a hassle to remove her clothes with the harness on and he didn't want Claudis flying around without it. However, her harness was quite sexy when compared to the student harnesses.

The harness comprised of thin strips of interlocking belts that originated from a wide red collar around her neck. Four red strips dropped from the collar. Two of them nestled her breasts on the sides and the other two crisscrossed along her wide tapering back. They converged into a wider belt around the narrowest part of her high waist.

Six strips of belt dropped down from the waist belt; two in the front and four at the back. They crisscrossed around her big bouncy butt cheeks and circled around her thighs, very close to her groin.

"I also need you to remove your clothes. The harness can stay. I need access to your breasts and vagina" Blaze continued.

Claudis gave him a skeptical look but complied. She started undoing her harness and Blaze stepped in to <em>help.</em>

He helped her with unbuckling the belts and once the harness was off, he stepped behind her and slowly pulled her boyshorts down, revealing a large callipygian butt. He was preparing himself for the <em>procedure.</em>

He lightly caressed her butt cheeks as she once again pulled off her top and shoved her clothes into her space ring. She put on the harness, while Blaze helped buckling the belts around her butt and thighs. He eyed her nether regions and found himself facing a pair of light pink bulging lips, a thin pink slit and a visible clitoris.

After giving her a once over, Blaze quickly removed his clothes.

"I need to be naked too" Blaze said as Claudis eyed his balls and slightly erect member.

"That is quite an interesting organ" Claudis commented politely.

"Let's go find Gyrill" was Blaze's reply.

Claudis let out a shrill whistle after they walked out and closed the stables. Within a few moments, Gyrill galloped out of the woods. She seemed to eye their state of undress with curiosity.

"What will we be doing up there?" Claudis asked him as she walked up to the horse. She felt strange about flying around naked with her student but thankfully, there wasn't anyone around to see them.

"Hmm. I need to titillate different regions of your body and get you ready for an injection of my essence. I will be using my organ to do it" Blaze replied cryptically.

Claudis nodded and jumped onto Gyrill. The feeling of the saddle pressing against her naked groin was strange to say the least, but it surprisingly felt good. She shuffled against the saddle and found herself a comfortable position before giving Blaze a hand.

He took it and climbed up behind her. He found the protrusion separating the two seats of the saddle to be in the way but there was nothing he could do about it.

However, the sight of her large naked butt, wrapped up in red leather straps, greatly stirred him. Her big bouncy cheeks and her narrow waist made a perfect heart shaped gift that didn't even need to be unwrapped. Blaze felt his member elongate.

He placed his hands on her hips and shuffled closer to her. Straddling her from behind, he felt his thighs against the soft springy skin of her butt. He leaned in and hugged her, with his member firmly planted against the small of her back.

He wrapped his arms around her waist and sneaked up a hand to clutch her fulsome and squishy left breast. He caressed it gently for a moment, feeling her wide areola and small nipple. He spread his fingers and dug in. His other hand sneaked down and stopped right above her groin. He put a little pressure and felt the firmness and warmth of her stomach.

"Let's go" he panted, digging a finger into her large but sexy belly button.

"Hip Hip" Claudis called out to her Pegasus, not bothering to question his actions. His touch was already beginning to tickle her senses.

Blaze tightly held on to Claudis as Gyrill ascended. She flew up to a height of about a thousand feet before Claudis steadied her into a steady glide. Gyrill spread her wings wide and soared in the sky.

It was a cloudless night and the bright silvery glow of the moon and the stars illuminated the beauty in front of him and the beauty around him. With sprawling grasslands, thick woods, multiple streams that cut across towards river Glende, and bustling waterfalls, Tir academy was an idyllic place and under the moonlight it seemed even more ethereal.

"What now?" Claudis asked him softly, enjoying the scenic beauty.

Blaze responded with his actions. He stood up on his knees and leaned on her wide bony shoulder, feeling her soft &amp; short white hair brush against his cheeks. His hands reached from under her warm arm pits and engulfed her breasts. The harness was nothing but eye candy; it offered no barriers.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
A jolt of electricity shot down her spine as Claudis felt Blaze's hot breath down her cheek and neck.

He caressed her breasts and planted a soft kiss on her cheek. Brushing her hair aside with his chin, he gave her small ear a lick. Claudis eyes widened in surprise and her spine arched upright, as another jolt of electricity shot into her brain.

Blaze took her soft squishy earlobe between his lips and started wetly sucking on it. A tiny uncontrollable moan escaped Claudis' lips. Blaze was delighted by her reaction and his excitement surged. His idea of doing her while riding a Pegasus seemed to be giving him appropriate results.

He massaged, groped and fondled her breasts without inhibition and Claudis was putty under his ministrations. He circled her areolae with his fingers and lightly pinched them.

"Mmmm"

Claudis intuitively turned her head towards him and opened her lips. Blaze engulfed them with his own and pushed his tongue between her teeth to taste her. She wasn't sweet but tasted and smelled like lavender.

Claudis took his tongue between her lips and started sucking on him, while Blaze snogged on her thick crimson lips.

Slowly, he sneaked a hand from her breasts to her stomach. He caressed it for a moment before going lower. He flicked her nub and she moaned into his mouth, pushing her tongue into his in response.

As their lips and tongues intertwined, Blaze played around with her clitoris, flicking and lightly pinching it. He felt a warm dampness from below and he slid his finger down her slit. He cupped her groin and caressed it along its length before penetrating her.

"Aaaagh" Claudis groaned loudly, pulling away from their kiss. Her hoarse voice contrasted her expression, but Blaze loved it.

Blaze immediately attacked her neck; kissing, licking and sucking all along its length and giving her multiple hickeys. Suddenly, without any warning, Blaze spread his mouth at the intersection of her neck and shoulder and bit her.

Claudis shuddered. Instead of feeling pain, waves of electricity spread from her neck and throughout her body and converged into the pit of her stomach. She splashed Blaze's fingers with her warmth.

"Can you get into the position used when dashing?" Blaze asked a panting Claudis. She turned to look into his lustful eyes and nodded. Her eyes reflected his feelings.

Blaze moved back a little and sat on his knees. Claudis pulled up her legs, straddled her saddle with her shins and leaned forward. She grabbed the saddle horn with both hands and raised her butt almost as high as Blaze's face; giving him an unhindered view.

Her slit was long and narrow, while her puckered hole was small and deep. Blaze caught a glimpse of her sagging breasts from between her legs.

Unable to control himself, Blaze pasted his hands on her butt cheeks and rubbed his face all over her rump. He planted his face between her butt crack and licked along her slit, perineum and her hole.

He kissed her vagina and cupped it with his mouth. He pushed his tongue in and lapped at her fluids, poking and flicking at her walls with the tip of his tongue. He had a dexterous tongue and he used it with maximum efficiency.

Claudis gripped the saddle horn tightly as she felt herself losing control of her body amidst the waves of pleasure. He whole body felt as if it was burning from within, but it was a burn of ecstasy.

Feeling his own mounting desire, Blaze moved his lips from her lips to her other hole. He engulfed it with his mouth and circled her folds with his tongue. He slowly wiggled his way in.

She was tight, but Blaze had become adept at opening reticent holes. He finagled his way in and started coating her walls with his saliva, until he felt satisfied with the lubrication.

He pulled his head back and stared at the sight in front of him, firmly planting the image in his mind. He pulled a couple of pillows from his spatial ring and arranged them on the saddle, to make it more comfortable.

He once again stood on his knees and pushed Claudis down at the small of her back, lowering her butt and making the arch of her back more prominent. He was surprised by how flexible she was, despite being large for an angel.

Claudis looked back to see what Blaze was doing. He held her by her wide bony hips and shuffled towards her butt. He pushed his member along her slit and slid it to and fro to lubricate himself with her fluids.

He spread her fluids around his cock with his hand and moved his member up. He placed it against her rectal hole and looked into her eyes. It was obvious what he was planning to do. She looked back into his eyes without questioning.

He turned his attention back to her hole and using his thumb he pushed in.

"Ahh" Claudis groaned as she clamped around him with a vice like grip. Despite her large butt, her butthole was quite narrow. She was still looking at him, so Blaze could see her reaction.

Wanting to see more, Blaze pulled out and penetrated her again.

"Aah" Her back arched in a wave and her mouth opened wide, letting out a small groan that didn't match with the extent her mouth was open.

Blaze leaned forward and slowly started making his way in. Her rectal walls were no match for his mighty spear. They slowly gave in and started spasming to make for a smoother penetration.

Finally, Blaze's thighs collided against hers and his member was balls deep inside her. He waited for a few moments, to let her insides get used to his hot rod, before he slowly pulled out all the way to the tip.

He looked into Claudis' grey eyes and slowly pushed in with one fluid motion. Claudis eyes widened and she let out a silent gasp, without breaking eye contact. Blaze repeated.

Slowly, Blaze built up the speed of his thrusts and his arousal magnified with each entry. He felt himself peak, but he resisted. He needed to feel what he had felt when he had first done it with Jie Er.

"Aah Aah Mmm Mmmh Aah" Claudis' moans gained rhythm as her clitoral nerve endings were titillated with each penetration. She saw the passion in his eyes and it brought heat to her whole body, especially in the pit of her stomach. The heat and pleasure grew exponentially filling a dam inside herself.

Finally, her dam couldn't hold anymore and burst; flooding her vagina and spraying Blaze with hot fluids. She fell onto her Pegasus' neck and her body shivered uncontrollably, releasing everything that had been built up.

When he felt the warmth, Blaze went over his peak, yet he resisted. Not finding any release, his overwhelming arousal somehow burst inside his body. It spread throughout his existence, in a wave of heat; drying his mouth. It hit against the walls of his mind, broke through and filled his consciousness; clouding his thoughts.

He pulled out of Claudis, leaving a gaping hole, but he wasn't conscious enough to admire his work.

"I am going to put it in your vagina. It may hurt" Blaze panted, grasping at the final throes of his sanity. He instinctively lined his tip against the hole of her slit.

Claudis herself was in no position to think clearly. She wrapped her arms around Gyrill's neck and nodded into her neck.

Blaze clutched her hips and speared her in a single thrust. He fell on top of her and let go of his mind.

"Aaaaargh" Claudis screamed in pain as his member forcefully tore through her barrier. However, her pain instantly turned into pleasure as she felt a foreign heat invading her from the point of their union.

She gripped her Pegasus, almost too tightly, and Gyrill began to wonder about her master's actions. However, she patiently glided along as she did not receive any meaningful instruction.

Blaze started gyrating on top of her springy massive butt and his hands sneaked underneath her chest. He grabbed her breasts and squeezed them tightly, eliciting a loud hiss of pleasure.

As he grinded into her vagina, Claudis felt her pleasure and the foreign heat combine as it spread to every inch of her body, stimulating every place it touched.

Finally, the heat spread to her receptacles. Though it was insignificant, she felt something drain from them. However, before she could rejoice at the fact that Blaze's energy was truly affecting hers, the energy reached her mind. It swept through her consciousness like a raging river, making her lose all her mental faculties.

<em>Thump!</em> Blaze raised his hips and slammed into her thighs.

"Aaaaaahhh" Claudis let out a hoarse scream, startling her Pegasus. The Pegasus kept herself steady and slowly started descending towards Claudis' cottage.

Blaze gripped her breasts and bit into her back, eliciting a hiss of pleasure from her.

<em>Thwack Thwack Thwack Thwack.</em> He rammed into her, bouncing against her spring soft butt cheeks and rubbing his chest against the skin of her back. Claudis moaned in sync with his thrusts.

They mindlessly experienced the world of pure sensual pleasure as the heat inside them slowly built up in resonance. Her hot wetness soaked his groin and her butt cheeks as he ravaged her insides. Her walls spasmed and massaged his member as they tried to swallow him deeper and deeper.

Finally, their pleasures reached another peak and the two angels burst, climaxing simultaneously.

Electrifying waves of pleasure coursed through their bodies as they released themselves.

Claudis shivered and spasmed over the pillowed saddle as she drenched Blaze's member and groin with floods of cum.

Blaze pasted himself into her body and crudely jutted his member into her as he sprayed her cervix with strong streams of his essence; his orgasm lasting almost as long as hers.

He rested on her heavily and their bodies pulsed in sync, as their orgasms slowly abated. Blaze held her tightly and kept pushing his hips into her and she pushed her butt into his in return.

Their mental faculties returned only in the aftermath. They suddenly noticed that Gyrill was on the ground and in front of Claudis' house, patiently waiting for them to return to their senses.

"How do you feel?" Blaze panted, noticing the bite mark on her back. It would bruise.

"Really good! Even if it doesn't heal me, I think it was worth it" Claudis replied, caressing Gyrill's mane in apology. The flying horse neighed and accepted.

"I am sorry about this" Blaze said, lightly prodding around the bite mark.

"It's alright. I guess you were in as much control of your senses as I was" Claudis replied.

"It isn't always like this. I can usually control it, but losing control seems to have more effect on healing" Blaze explained, still on top of her. His member was drowning in a mixture of their orgasms and its warmth felt oddly good.

Claudis nodded and let him stay on her. She felt too satiated to move and she liked his weight on her.

Blaze waited for a few moments, gently licking her bite mark. However, when he saw no signs of the glow that appeared around Jie Er, he decided to get off Claudis.

He slowly retreated his member out, drawing her skin and little bit of white fluid out with it. He caressed her butt one last time before jumping off the Gyrill.

Claudis cupped her vagina with a hand and plugged her entrance before she sat upright and got off the Pegasus.

"You can let it out" Blaze muttered sheepishly. Claudis stood in front of him, awkwardly holding her hand against her slit.

"Oh!" she exclaimed before crouching on to her feet and removing her hand. She spread her lips apart and let the fluid trickle down onto the grass. She felt it was wasteful but decided to listen to Blaze.

"You should try manifesting your wings" Blaze commented, handing her a napkin.

She wiped herself and stood up and turned her back to him. She once again started focusing her energy into her receptacles.

Just as before, pale silvery colored energy started gathering around her scapula. However, this time, the plates of energy that came out of her back, seemed more like premature bird wings rather than deformed masses.

Claudis clearly felt the difference and she renewed her focus. Multiple tiny silver feathers started sprouting from the energy plates. However, her wing growth stopped after that. It felt like something was still blocking her from completely manifesting her wings.

But, Claudis was jubilant. It was the most improvement she had seen in years.

"It worked! Thank you, little Blaze" she exclaimed in gratitude.

"It doesn't seem like it did too much, though" Blaze sighed.

Jie Er's problem was probably simpler. Though they were diseased, she still had her wings. Moreover, she was an archangel and only her second pair were corrupted. It also seemed like Claudis' problem lay within her receptacles themselves.

"It doesn't matter. We have all year. Even if that is not enough, I can wait for the next. I am in no hurry" Claudis replied happily.

"Oh! I am sorry. I assumed you would like to continue treating me" she added sheepishly, realizing her assumption.

"Of course. I wouldn't have offered it otherwise. I can <em>treat </em>you after every Pegasi class. I will also come by whenever I can find some spare time" Blaze replied with a smile.

"Thank you!" Claudis replied, stepping forward and smothering him with a warm bearlike hug. He smiled into her breasts and hugged her back.

<strong>Author's Comments: </strong>So how was the fight scene? Too violent? Don't worry though -- I am the kinda guy who dislikes the existence of UFC because I think its excessively violent -- so you won't come across any incorrigible violence (I apologize if I offended any UFC fans).

Did you guys like the style? I have a black belt in karate and I box a little, so I kinda used that knowledge to make it seem real (not sure if I was successful). Future fights may be more fantastical but for now this seems right.

I hope to see your thoughts about the chapter in the comments.

<strong>Q&amp;A (I suggest you read em')</strong>

Q1. Whoa! Who sent you all these questions?

A1. Me (but some of them are based on the feedback I received)

Q2. Can you explain the power levels of the angels/demons, again?

A2. <strong>Angels:</strong>

Angel: 2 wings (most angels)

Archangel: 4 wings (Jie Er, Fiora, Mayor Arban Lina of Varan etc.)

Deity: 6 wings (Ely's mothers, Aranya has 5 Deities)

Deva: 8 wings (Currently, there no Devas in the Heavenly Union)

<strong>Demons:</strong>

Demon: 2 wings (most demons)

Archdemon: 4 wings

Devil: 6 wings

Asura: 8 wings (Empress Hela)

These categories are only superficial and are not strict differentiators of the strength of an angel. For example, Archangels can be of varying strengths and a really strong angel can sometimes be stronger than a weak archangel. Think of it this way -- you'd usually think that a six foot five well built giant can beat up a five-foot five person. But what if its Bruce Lee?

Q3. What's the technological level of Azra-El?

A3. Azra-El is a steampunk level world. Think of 19<sup>th</sup> century technology. They understand steam engines, blimps and other industrial machines. They just don't have the necessity to use them in the same manner. They have energy stones, so why use a steam engine? They have Pegasi, so why would they try to improve on a blimp and build an airplane? The Pegasi carriage actually has a blimp like top filled with a buoyant gas.

Q4. What about the Science? (Yes, science and technology are two different things)

A4. They are quite advanced in science. However, you can't compare them with earth. Their advances in science are different from ours. They have more knowledge in some fields while less in others. They don't have Quantum Mechanics, but they understand dark enrgy/dark matter (the earthen physics terms) etc.

The reason why their technology hasn't kept up with their science is because they haven't had a true industrial revolution. You could blame it on the lack of capitalism or on the very nature of the angels. On average, they are far less materialistic. Are they happier because of it? That's up for you to decide.

Q5. Why doesn't Blaze introduce new weapons and new technology from Earth?

A5. Firstly, can he even do that? Think of the smartest friends you have (maybe its you). How many devices can they introduce in Azra-El if they are sent there by themselves? No too many, I presume.

Secondly, Blaze is only twenty. Even if knows the basic concepts of building a computer, how is he going to build all its necessary components? It's not that easy. I personally understand QM, and re prove Einstein's general theory of relativity (not bragging :P), but I probably can't even make a simple coffee maker (first thing I saw now) or fix my broken drain, let alone build an ICBM. Complex machines require multiple people with different specializations.

Yeah, I could wing it, wave my hands, and simply say that Blaze is a super genius who can do anything and everything, but that doesn't do it for me. I am trying to build a world that doesn't seem implausible to most people.

I will confine wish fulfilment to Blaze's sexual escapades :P.

Regardless, he may have the chance to talk about some of Earthen technologies with someone appropriate.

Q5. Is Azra-El in our Universe?

A5. Blaze feels that the world energy is a form of dark matter/dark energy that the creatures of the world have access to. More physics, and whether the world is in a different universe (with different laws) or just a different dimension, will be explored later (hopefully).

Q6. Will there be stuff like enchanting?

A6. Honestly, I haven't thought of it, so it is possible. I don't intend the world to be wishy washy. So, I must create a probable system for it. If I do create it, I don't want Blaze to have the skill. Maybe a friend of his.

I think he is already overpowered. He is smart, strong, he can fly really well, can easily manipulate large amounts of world energy, has immense potential and is probably going to be an amazing Quetzal rider.

I love OP characters, but you can't build an intelligent story around them (Problem with Superman, my favorite superhero). But hey, I will still probably find some random excuse to give Blaze another talent at some point.

Q7. Will you consider ideas for the sex scenes?

A7. As long as they are benign and fit in the story.

Q8. Are you done with the damn Q&amp;A?

A8. Nope. But I am sure you're done for now, so I will let you go. Double entendre intended. lol
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 11|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Notes: </strong>Finally have an editor/proofreader. <em>DankMemez.</em> If you find the quality of writing/sex scenes in the chapter to be greatly improved from the last, it's mostly due to his efforts and suggestions. He has been stupendously helpful.

<em>Special Thanks to VibrantDragon, FlyPenguin &amp; W00tdiew00p for supporting my work</em>

<strong>Schedule: </strong>A couple of you asked me for a schedule. I am not a full-time author, so I can't promise you one. However, I am aiming towards releasing <em>one chapter every three weeks </em>(on an average). It may vary depending on the length of the chapter.

I love the fact that you guys are so eager to read my work, but I currently cannot go any faster. This chapter took a bit longer because Dank and I needed to get in sync with editing.

The earlier chapters were also less complex and easier to write.

<strong>Obligatory Warnings: </strong>1. No real Pegasi were harmed in the making of this chapter. To those of you who are sensitive towards cruelty to animals, please read till the end of the scene.

2. There are two sex scenes and on Dank's suggestion, it ends with one :P.

<strong>Festivals of Azra El:</strong> The heavenly union has many holidays and festivals but here are a few of the more important ones.

<strong>Regnbage Carnival: </strong>Festival of costumes. Every town and city of Azra-El celebrates with a procession led by a large puppet dragon, followed by frolicking costumed angels. The festival arises from the myth of Alvira.

The story tells of an ancient tribe of angels who were invaded by a tribe of beast like beings. Alvira, a young intelligent angel devised a plan to ward off the beastlings.

The beastlings were known to worship dragons. Alvira, with the help of other young angels, created a serpent like dragon puppet made of cloth, angel feathers and wooden sticks.

For three nights after that they paraded the dragon puppet around the town, while the beastling scouts reported of a dragon serpent that prowled the angel town.

The invading chief was skeptical about a dragon protecting an angel tribe, but she couldn't cull the rumors that spread among her force. However, on the day when the beastlings attacked the tribal village, a huge multi colored dragon head with a tail of rainbow appeared at the entrance of the town, breathing down a column of raging fire. The beastlings fled without looking back.

The myth is unclear about how Alvira managed to create such a phenomenon at a time when the angels had not yet figured out the use of energy stones, but the incident had henceforth been celebrated as the Regnbage Carnival.

<strong>Sangkarn: </strong>New Year's Day of the Heavenly kingdom. It's a day when older angels bestow their young with gifts. It's also a day of ancestral worship. The origin of the festival is dated long before the Regnbage Carnival's appearance.

<strong>Omovo: </strong>Harvest festival of the heavenly union, marked by gift giving by the rich and a large potluck on the eve of the day.

<strong>Flight Song: </strong>(no, not the pop song. That's fight song) A music and dance festival held in the middle of First Seed (March).

<strong>The nine primary societies of The Heavenly Union</strong>

<ol type="1">

<li>

Ophanim -- Wisdom

</li>

<li>

Erelim -- Courage

</li>

<li>

Seraphim -- Justice

</li>

<li>

Chayot -- Enlightenment

</li>

<li>

Hashmallim -- Love (including kindness and grace)

</li>

<li>

Malakim -- Beauty (including mercy and healing)

</li>

<li>

Elohim -- Valor

</li>

</ol>

The last two are informal and are comprised of civil servants and the common folk.

<ol type="1">

<li>

Cherubim -- Service (civil servants)

</li>

<li>

Ishim -- Follow (common angels

</li>

</ol>

<strong>Response to Comments</strong>

<em>First of all, wow! I've been immensely moved by some of the comments. The knowledge that my writing can so deeply immerse you guys in the story and evoke some intense feelings is very inspiring. Despite the inevitable fact that my improvement is going to level off at some point, I want to keep pushing my boundaries just to keep up with your expectations. Thank you all for taking the time to express your opinions. I'd like to respond to each of your comments but since I have 18 this time, that doesn't seem advisable. Please don't let it keep you from posting a comment. I need em! I will use the Q&amp;A at the end of the chapter to address some of your Q's.</em>

<em>James7594</em>: That was quite the amazing/accurate review. I wish I could post it where more people can see it.

Fight Scenes- Not every chapter will have them, but I will try my best to make them as good or better than the one in the last chapter.

Sex Scenes- I agree with you, but I am not sure how to improve. I have only read one erotica (a few years back) and with the novel occupying most of my free time, I don't have the freedom to read more for <em>research</em>. I could really use some elaborate advice, if you're willing to give it.

Story/Plot- This has always been my strongest aspect. Not my writing but my imagination. I am glad I've lived up to it.

Characters- As you've said, instead of giving a big concrete character description, I have tried to imagine a personality and see how it reacts to situations. This seems to have worked so far.

Rating: Best Sci/Fi stories you've read -- Let me try make that a reality (I've unseen the 'One of' part).

<em>Wankr65</em>: Don't know about foot jobs but I could work with tasteful femdom. I was thinking of writing it with Fiora but I didn't know how to keep Blaze in character. It's easily done with the demons (I may already have a scene) but that's some ways off. Let's see. Maybe I will get a bright idea.

<em>RanceSama</em>: Your excitement is so freaking contagious and the way you think is hilarious. I enjoyed reading your whole spiel and that COD reference.

You've also given me the idea of a costumed scene Í¡â˜‰ ÍœÊ– Í¡â˜‰. Also, snow is rare in Aranya (the country) but I am sure Blaze will go somewhere he can personally use that quote.

<em>Drastic Explorer: </em>I've always implied that the angel society is not as utopian as it seems. As for Uriel, I've given a few hints in chapter 5 about why she might be that way. She is a Malakim is the obvious hint.

<em>Finbar: Uriel being fired also has something to do with Fiora waiting for a chance to do so, as her conversation with Alice hints. I will consider your other suggestions and improvements.</em>

<em>ReaderFic: I dream about it too :P. He uses a two-handed weapon in a scene that was moved to the next chapter.</em>

Enjoy the chapter.

Chapter 11

Middas (Monday) was a quiet day until lunch, before Blaze spotted Aahna rushing towards him. She had been talking to a few first years from one of the other classes.

Blaze immediately got ready for a slew of questions while Rachel, who was sitting beside him and poking at her food, looked up at Aahna with little interest. It wasn't uncommon for the latter to be excited about something or the other.

"Big Bro! Is it true that you displayed Righteous Fury while defending a pixie? Also, did you really defeat a fourth year Houri in a one on one combat? I heard there was no handicap and that the Houri has been hospitalized," Aahna babbled excitedly, her hands in sync with her emotion.

"Mmhmm," Blaze nodded curtly. There was no point in hiding it.

"IT'S TRUE!" Aahna shouted across to the students expectantly waiting for her reply. Her answer animated the students, who went into a frenzied discussion as more of them joined the group.

"I am sorry Big Bro. I have gravely misjudged your character," Aahna suddenly apologized, but she seemed happy rather than sorry.

"What?" Blaze looked at her confused.

"I knew you were strong, but I didn't think you were the righteous type who would stand up for justice, regardless of the situation," she piped back.

"I don't know if I am all that righteous, but shouldn't all angels strive to be so?" he pondered, putting a sliced peach in his mouth. He patted on the seat beside him to make the sprightly angel stop bouncing.

Aahna pulled the chair and sat down, "True, but not many will dare to go up against a Houri of the Malakim, even if they are stronger than the Houri." She grabbed a strawberry from Blaze's fruit salad and popped it into her mouth.

"Oi, get your own" he admonished, pulling the plate away from her. He had always been a little defensive with food on his plate.

"Can you please tell me what is going on?" Rachel interjected, her interest suddenly piqued. Like Blaze, she spent a lot of her free time by herself and wasn't up to date with the latest gossip.

"Class 4A's combat teacher and a Houri were apparently mistreating a pixie. Big Bro, the caring soul that he is, stepped in to save the day. Long story short: the Houri is in the hospital, bro displayed righteous fury, and the teacher has been fired. But I'd like to hear her account," Aahna explained, pointing at Blaze. Her words were a little exaggerated and playful.

Blaze sighed and shook his head, "That is all there is to it." There was a finality in his tone that Aahna immediately caught onto.

Blaze wasn't the one to shy away from a bit of fame but for some reason he didn't want to use this incident to increase his credibility. It felt like a betrayal to righteous fury.

Aahna patted his back encouragingly and bounced away to share her information with others. Blaze sighed in resignation. Maybe her enthusiasm was for the best. It may make his class more likely to accept Siofra.

Rachel sat beside him in silent contemplation, her face a cloud of mixed emotions.

After their combat training class that evening, Blaze brought Siofra to his dorm. He felt the timing couldn't be better. His class was high on the fact that they had a classmate who could display righteous fury.

"Everyone! Can I have your attention?" Blaze addressed his classmates.

They all turned to him and immediately started staring at Siofra. At his behest, she had been keeping her ears out and they were prominent enough to make out who she was.

She felt a little uncomfortable at all the attention, but she took it in a stride. It wasn't her first time to be ogled at.

"This is my friend, Siofra," he introduced, letting his words sink in. "She is in the fourth year but is only nine years older than us. This also her first year at Tir. She has a good heart and is also quite strong.

"I implore you all to give her a chance. Not because I think it is our duty as angels but because I truly believe that she is no different from us," Blaze passionately urged, looking at all of them like an orator. The certainty and firmness in his voice piercing through any reservations his classmates had.

The young angels stood in silence. Most did not display any aversion to his words or the pixie, but none seemed eager to take the initiative to step up. Blaze turned to Aahna with hope but even she seemed to be hesitant. Though she admired Blaze for his actions, it was a bit too sudden for her to be put in the spotlight.

Siofra's ears visibly went down and Blaze started to consider that it had been a mistake.

However, to everyone's surprise, Bi, the usually reserved angel, suddenly stepped forward. She took Aahna's hand and pulled her towards Blaze and Siofra. Aahna stumbled the first couple of steps, but by the time they arrived, her gregariousness seemed to have returned.

"Hi. I am Aahna and this is Bi. Welcome to class 1A," she said with a brilliant welcoming smile. Her words familiar and uplifting.

"Hello. It's nice to meet you. I hope we can become friends," Siofra replied timidly, brushing back her orange hair.

<em>It's all an act!</em> Blaze internally screamed as some of his other classmates started approaching them. It was hard not to fall for her feigned innocence.

Soon, Siofra was chatting merrily with a bunch of his classmates. Blaze mouthed a thank you to Bi who glanced at Rachel in return.

Rachel was sulking on her sofa and seemed to be half minded about what to do next. Blaze looked at Siofra and deciding that she was fine for now, he walked up to the reticent girl.

He flopped down beside her and pushed her with his shoulder to make room for himself.

"I already know what you're going to say," she stated defensively, folding her arms under her chest.

Blaze chose to remain silent.

"What do you want?" she barked after a few moments.

"Rach, do you consider me a good angel?" he asked her quietly.

"Obviously."

"I don't claim to know more about the world than your mother, but don't you think we are old enough to make our own judgements? Even if Siofra's ancestors were the cause of the war, why do we have to judge her by their actions?

"She's spent her whole life being disliked by almost everyone around her. Don't you think she deserves a chance?" he beseeched her as he lay back on the couch.

Rachel remained quiet for a moment before getting up with an exasperated sigh.

"Fine!" she grunted and started walking towards Siofra and the rest. Maybe all she needed was a little push.

She suddenly spun around, "I still knew what you were going to say," pointing her finger at his smirking face.

Blaze smiled at her as she marched away.

Leaning back on his couch, he looked around the living room. Most of his class seemed to have accepted the situation to some degree. However, he soon spotted a group of seven angels huddled near the fire place. The displeasure in their eyes conspicuous.

He had noticed the group earlier. They did not interact much with the rest of the class and he did not recall speaking to them, apart from the first day when he had introduced himself.

Blaze considered going to them but quickly decided otherwise. Opinions needed time to change and he could make the matters worse by rushing it. Aahna seemed to know everyone, so taking her advice before approaching the group, seemed wise. Rachel was different as he knew her quite well.

***

"So, should we address you as Big Sis?" Aahna joked with a little bobble of her head toward Siofra. Rachel quietly joined them, looking a bit out of place.

"Why would you do that? I am not that much older," Siofra answered with a puzzled look.

"Blaze makes us call her Big Bro, which apparently means elder sister. You're her friend so I thought it would be appropriate."

Siofra rolled her eyes and snickered, "Big Bro has a bit of a deva complex, doesn't he?"

Everyone, including Rachel, burst out laughing.

Blaze looked at them with a smile, unaware of the reason behind their mirth.

As he got ready for bed that night, Blaze thought on how introducing Siofra to his classmates had gone better than he had expected. After their initial introductions, she had decided to finish her homework in their company. A few even decided to approach her for help. It turned out that she was a better tutor than him, who was prone to going off in tangents that were hard to follow.

The resurgent light in her eyes as she left that night was hard to miss.

<em>Tring Tring</em>. Blaze heard a melodic ring from his space ring as he lay down for the night.

It was weird how similar the noise was to an old telephone from earth.

Fishing the jade voice projector from his ring, he put it up to his mouth. "Yo Ely! Wassup?"

"You've been there for less than two weeks and you've already managed to cause an incident!" a mellifluous voice from the jade stone, chided at him.

"What did I do?" he asked innocently.

"Stop being clever. You think my mothers wouldn't have heard about a freaking righteous fury occurring right under their noses? I also heard that you beat up a Houri so badly that she had to be hospitalized!"

"Well... maybe it was a little excessive, but <em>she</em> and the teacher had it coming," he defended himself.

Elyssa sighed from the other end. "I am sure they did, but I wasn't talking about them. Weren't you supposed to be keeping low?"

"Oh, yeah!" Blaze smacked his hand on the bed, suddenly remembering the whole discussion they had at Cali; "I totally forgot! But I doubt I would've done anything different. Bullies like Priscilla will just keep pushing boundaries."

For some reason, he pictured Elyssa rolling her eyes at him on the other end.

"Whatever. I will be there soon enough and hopefully, keep you out of trouble. Listen. Mum advises you to not antagonize the Malakim anymore. It's fine for you to go against individuals but don't provoke the organization itself. Keep an eye out for letters of invitation to join them, if you haven't already. She says to not outright reject them. Tell them that you don't plan on making any societal commitments until you graduate. That will keep their hopes up and may prevent them from taking revenge for their Houri. Is that clear?"

"Yeah, yeah. I got it," he rolled his eyes at the VP.

"Good. Mum also anticipates that the Malakim and other organizations will request her to arrange a meeting with you. She thinks it's best to oblige them and arrange it on our terms. There is a meeting of delegates at Saket in a couple of weeks. Mum wants to show you off at the after party.

"I will obviously be there with you, so you don't have to worry about being out of place. Talk to Aunty Jie Er about it this weekend. By the way, Mom wants to speak with you."

Blaze recalled that 'Mum' was Anastasia Marigold and 'Mom' was General Lynn Sturm. He had been mistakenly thinking that it was general Sturm who wanted to arrange the meeting at Saket.

Saket was the capital of Aranya. It was a little north of Shapur (Tir's town) and along the river Glende.

"Hello, young one. I've been wanting to meet you face to face, but I guess this will have to do for now. How are you doing?" a grand feminine voice resounded from the stone, each syllable spoken with crystalline clarity.

He considered the form of addressal before choosing the easiest. "I am well, aunty Lynn. It's a pleasure to hear your voice," he said in a sweet childlike manner.

"Don't fall for it," he heard Elyssa's whisper, but the general simply laughed. It was hearty and full.

"I haven't heard anyone call me that besides the princess, little Blaze. I think I already like you. I wanted to speak to you, so I could say this. <em>Be yourself.</em> You're a wielder of the Righteous Fury. Anastasia can be a little tactful at times and will advise you to tread carefully. But a strong angel needs to have a little backbone, I believe. Especially, someone like you. As long as you're in the right, you will always have my protection," the general declared.

"Mom! Don't feed her already reckless nature," Elyssa protested. There was a hustle of hands and Blaze surmised that Elyssa tried to snatch the VP from her mother.

"Keep my words in mind, Blaze. I will leave you two kids to talk in peace. I hope to meet you soon," Lynn laughed before handing the VP to Elyssa.

"Thank you, aunty. Bye!" Blaze replied cheerfully. The general was definitely his type of person.

The two friends continued their conversation for a little while before they headed to bed.

It was early the next morning, when Blaze jumped off his window and took off towards the stables. When he reached his destination, the sun had just risen over the horizon and it cast a beautiful, warm, orange glow over the building.

The woods rustled under the cold morning breeze and sang with voices of birds, chirping squirrels and early rising animals. The squirrels of Azra-El were smaller and had sweeter barks, and no, they weren't chipmunks. The morning dew and dampness gave rise to an earthy and leafy smell.

He caught a fleeting glimpse of white, followed by the sound of hooves, Gyrill.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
The doors of the stables were open, and he entered the building to find Claudis attending to the Pegasi.

"What are you doing here so early?" she asked with a refreshing smile, noticing his presence. She set a bucket of feed in front of a cream-colored Pegasus and stood upright. With a hand on her waist she swept her bangs away from her face as she looked at him. The sunlight streaming through the doorway lit up her features, stirring his loins.

"Just thought I'd say hello to Badava. I swiped a few carrots from the kitchen last night," he answered, walking up to her.

"Good. Why don't you take her feed while you're at it?" she replied, pointing at a bunch of buckets and a large wooden trough. It contained a mixture of hay and several varieties of grains.

The ornery Pegasus eyed him with suspicion as he brought her food. She sniffed and snorted at the pail before she started eating, never taking her eyes off him.

He waited until she finished her food before bringing out a carrot from his space ring, dangling it enticingly and away from her reach.

The Pegasus' ears perked up, but she didn't show any indication of reaching for the vegetable. He tried to tempt her a few more times before he offered it, hoping a taste would make her more eager.

Badava took the carrot and chewed on its end a couple of times before she lifted her head, looked into his eyes, and reeled back to spit the carrot with a heavy snort. The carrot shot towards his head, forcing him to duck down and dodge the projectile. He was not so lucky with the drool.

"What's wrong with you, you stupid horse!" he screamed, wiping the spit off his hair. The Pegasus neighed at him in response, almost as if she was laughing at him.

Claudis' laughter echoed through the stable. "I guess she doesn't like carrots. Why don't you try an apple? All Pegasi like apples," she suggested from a few stalls away, bringing out a red apple from her space ring and tossing it at Blaze.

He caught it with his clean hand and pointed it at the Pegasus. Her nostrils expanded round, and her ears stood tall, making her interest obvious. She breathed out heavily, her hot breath forming a mist under the cool morning weather.

"Oh? You like apples, huh. Let me taste it for you," he said musingly.

He bit into the juicy apple and, "Mnm Nom Nom", he crunched loudly; "It's quite tasty."

The Pegasus stomped her feet and snorted in frustration.

"It's a good apple. Let me try the other side," he replied, taking another bite.

Soon, he finished most of the fruit, leaving the inner core between his fingers. The horse hustled and bustled throughout the process, but being confined inside the stall, she couldn't act on her impulses.

"Definitely a tasty apple. I think it's good enough for your highness," he quipped and tossed the core at Badava's mouth. It bounced off the Pegasus' nose and into the stable, making her go in search of it.

Blaze harrumphed at the Pegasus and walked back to Claudis.

"I guess that's one way to tame a cranky Pegasus," she commented wryly.

"Hmph. I will make her listen to me on way or the other. I've got more ideas," he responded defiantly.

"I am sure you will. Feel like helping me feed the rest?" she asked him, shaking her head. Bonding with a Pegasus was a natural process and she did not want to intervene. She picked Badava for Blaze, based on her experience. Both had unyielding characters but when the barriers broke, the bond would be a strong one.

The combined effort of the two allowed them to finish the chore before the school rang its seven o'clock bell to wake the students from their slumber.

Blaze watched Claudis as they washed their hands at the sinks. Unlike the usual boyshorts and top she wore during her regular working hours, she was currently wearing a short cream-colored skirt that only reached half way down her large but perfectly toned thighs. A sleeveless half shirt whose ends were tied up in a knot at her cleavage finished the stereotypical look of a sexy farm girl poster from the sixties.

"Umm... Claudis?", he started hesitantly; "I need to get back soon for my breakfast, but do you care for a quick romp?" He hadn't planned for it, but he could feel the stiffness in his shorts.

"Romp?" she asked, tilting her head. "Oh! Yeah, sure. Why not?... Uh, what do you need me to do?" she stuttered, as she felt a sudden heat rise in her cheeks. There was only one thing a romp could mean.

The horny male angel pulled out a stool from his space ring. He had kept it from when he had used it while sunbathing. It seemed useful for situations just like this one.

"umm... I need you to suck me off, first," he replied sheepishly, pointing at the stool.

"Suck?"

"Er... Use your mouth and tongue to spread your saliva on my organ. It will be good lubrication for when I put it inside you," he explained uncomfortably. Despite the angels' nonchalance and lack of inhibition when it came to sex, Blaze couldn't help but feel self-conscious when explaining the finer details about it.

"Why didn't we do this last time?" Claudis asked as she walked up to the stool without any hesitation and sat on it.

"Because we had enough time to make you wet," Blaze stated blandly as he stepped in and pulled his cock out. Claudis spread her legs to let him stand between them. The angle of her knees caused her skirt to fall backwards, revealing her long thighs and white panties.

His member stood erect in anticipation as she leaned in, but Claudis simply took in its shape. The strange long muscle with its bulbous head, and hanging sack carrying two roundish objects did not make for the prettiest of sights, but it did cause a strange desire to sprout inside of her. Putting it in her mouth seemed natural.

She gently wrapped her hand around his length and fully felt its texture and heat with her fingers and her palm. A vein throbbed against her hand and it stimulated her even more. Peering at the small hypnotic hole at the tip, she reached for his ball sack with her other hand.

"Careful with those," he exclaimed as she weighed and rolled them around her fingers.

Feeling a bit restless, he pushed it towards her almost poking her in the nose. It was getting close to breakfast time and he didn't want to explain his tardiness to Min Illona again. She already seemed a bit miffed about his lack of adherence to schedule.

A strong musky scent invaded Claudis' nostrils and it sparked her brain. She immediately opened her lips and enclosed them around his head. Circling her tongue around his tip, she gave his hole a tiny lick, eliciting a tiny hiss from him.

Holding his penis steady with a hand at his base, she moved her lips along the side, running her wet tongue along the smooth skin. She took her job of lubricating quite seriously.

Blaze ran his fingers through her short white hair and clamped onto her head to holdd her in place, and to steady himself. Her tongue along his length made his body shiver and want to push himself inside her mouth. "I need you to take it whole into your mouth," he panted after a little while.

Claudis looked up at him with unsure eyes as he restlessly prodded at her lips with his tip. Finally, she hesitantly opened her lips and he pushed half way in. "Use your cheeks," he suggested, holding the sides of her head and covering her ears in the process.

The exclusion of one of her senses brought a new dimension to what she felt, intensifying her sense of taste and touch. She squeezed him with her lips and cheeks as he slowly pulled her in. And, just when felt the back of her throat, Blaze released his pressure and let her pull back.

She pulled away with a smack of her lips and looked up at Blaze as she considered the taste. Deciding she liked it, she took him in again.

"Ugh," an ecstatic grunt escaped his lips as he felt her mouth and cheeks began to enclose him. With his hands on either side of her head, he tilted her eyes upwards, her piercing grey eyes locking with his as she slowly swallowed his length.

She felt his hands grip at her short grey hair slightly, as he pushed his way to the back of her throat. Her mouth felt completely full, as her tongue swirled around the silky skin of his cock buried in her mouth.

Her gaze was a smoldering intensity, as she began to bob her head up and down along his entire length, regularly reaching the base as she groaned lightly. She relished the feeling of it filling her mouth so completely, and desired for him to be even rougher with her.

And, he granted her wish. His grip on her head tightened and he started pushing and pulling her head in sync with his own uncontrollable thrusts as he began to fuck her mouth. His scent and body enveloped her senses, drowning the other stimuli from the stable.

"mmnmm mmnmm" her light moans filled the stable as she gorged on his prick hungrily. Her vagina offered her more physical stimulation but something about using the mouth titillated her mind. Maybe it was about the control she had, but she wanted more.

Grabbing his hips, she suddenly pulled him down her throat.

"Oh God!" he cried as her upper lip caressed his groin and he felt the narrowness of her throat. His knees almost buckled and Claudis wrapped her hands around his butt cheeks to hold him steady.

Despite the gag reflex, she held him, tasting and feeling his entirety, before the lack of breath made her pull back. She smacked her lips and looked at him with grey eyes, slightly glazed and conveying her neediness for him.

"I think it's good enough," he breathed, suddenly stepping back. The look in her eyes almost made him paint her face and he didn't think he could hold on if she took him in again.

Though the idea of bursting in her mouth seemed enticing, for her sake, he needed to do it inside her other mouth.

Claudis looked a little disappointed, but the idea of having it back in her vagina assuaged it. She slowly got up to her feet and looked at him for further instruction.

"Place your hands against the wall and lean in. Push your butt towards me," he told her fervently, taking her to the horizontal paneling of the wooden wall.

<em>Wait, can it work with an oral injection too?</em> A stray though came into his mind as Claudis placed her hands on the wall and shuffled her feet backwards.

<em>I guess I can test it another time</em>, he decided as he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her in. It was too late to go back.

She stretched her arms and bent her back parallel to the ground. The arch of her strong looking back always surprised him.

Unceremoniously lifting her skirt, he draped it over her waist, revealing her panties and a bulging camel toe. He caressed her along the slit before swiftly pulling the panties down to her knees.

He licked and wet his fingers and drew them across her groin, caressing her lips as she pushed back onto his fingers. Watching her eagerness, he penetrated her and along her walls he spread his saliva, lightly scratching and titillating them. Claudis began to instinctively revolve around his fingers.

Once satisfied with the lubrication, he slid the stool behind her, hastily getting out of his boyshorts and climbing it. Even with the added elevation, he lacked a few inches.

Using his hands on the small of her back, he pushed her down, making her bend her knees. Her panties forced her knees together, angling her butt to form a perfect heart shape. Her back tilted down as her heels went up in anticipation. Lowering her right arm, she turned back to look at him and Blaze couldn't resist any longer. He grabbed her butt cheeks and speared her.

"Aah!" Claudis cried as his thick hot penis spread her apart.

He pushed his member into her depths and mounted her with his right leg, wrapping it around her thigh. He wanted to feel more of her skin. Leaning and putting his weight on her back, he reached his hands to the front of her shirt and untied the knot. The hems of the shirt fell to the side, making her breasts hang under gravity, her soft mounds dangling deliciously like two soft water filled balloons.

He roughly grasped her squishy breasts with his hands and started grinding into her.

"Mmmm Mmmph Aah!" Claudis cried as her arousal slowly built up, her walls pulsing and squeezing around his cock. She used the wall to bounce her butt against his groin, thrusting back into him and yearning to feel him buried deep inside her. Despite being on one leg, Blaze maintained his rhythm, making loud thwacking noises against her butt cheeks.

In another instance, he would've taken it slow, but he was currently strapped for both time and control over his arousal.

A few curious Pegasi watched them with interest but it didn't seem to bother them too much. Blaze heard a sudden snort from a distance and he imagined that it was Badava protesting at him. <em>Take that you stupid horse! I am riding your master.</em>

A familiar heat spread from their stomachs and across their bodies as Blaze rammed and rode her until her walls could take no more. Claudis' head fell as she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on the intense heat that was filling inside the pit of her stomach, each time she slammed back into his groin.

"Oh Rhea!" she suddenly screamed as her body shuddered and drenched him with her warmth. Her arms went limp as her mind went blank with pleasure, and she fell against her elbows on the wall, her body continuously spasming under her orgasm. Blaze went with her, wrapping his legs around her thighs.

He squeezed her breasts tightly, pressed himself into her and let himself go. Streams of hot essence spewed into her with every jut of his hips, filling her completely.

Blaze clung on to her until he emptied himself, as his arousal and energy drained and was replaced with satiation. He clung onto her for a few moments, in the afterglow of his orgasm, before slowly sliding down her legs and pulling out of her. He wrapped his arms around her waist and held her in a comfortable hug.

Claudis turned to look at him and mouthed him a thank you, leaving him strapped for words. He really did not know how to respond. He simply snuggled into her back and butt as he gave her breasts a loving squeeze.

"I am not sure how effective this will be..." he said hesitantly after a minute. "I don't know if my healing works if we aren't under the spell like last time," he admitted.

Claudis nodded slightly as she considered his words. At this point, she would do it with Blaze even if it didn't heal her.

"If you don't mind, we should try this again tomorrow. We should be able to clarify its effects if we repeat it a few times," he finished. He didn't think anyone on earth would believe his words, but it was the truth.

The matron approached Blaze at breakfast and handed him a bunch of official looking letters.

He quickly shuffled through them and found the one he was looking for. It was a velvety baby pink envelope with the Malakim insignia printed on the top right.

The insignia comprised of two white, glittery wings that were twisted in the shape of a heart. A blood red sword stood between them with its white handle projecting from the top of the heart. The contrast in the colors was quite conspicuous.

Rachel and Aahna, sitting on his either side, peeped in inquisitively, as he opened the letter. There was one primary parchment and a bunch of pages strung together through the top corner of each page.

<em>Dear Blaze Er Lokra,</em>

<em>First and foremost, I wanted to apologize to you on the behalf of the entire Malakim. It greatly pains us that one of our older members has led a young Houri astray. I hope the actions of a single person will not tarnish our reputation.</em>

<em>The Malakim have been, and will always be a society of the beautiful, the pure and the righteous. We extol these qualities in any angel, even ones that may have acted against us.</em>

<em>I hear that you possess all these qualities in abundance. Therefore, I consider it my duty to invite you into the ranks of our Houri. I hope I do not have to describe the privilege of holding the title. In case you are unaware, I have included the description of the duties and privileges following such a position.</em>

<em>If you decide to join us, you need only approach the local branch at your campus. They have already been notified. </em>

<em>I hope to soon welcome you into our ranks.</em>

<em>Sincerely,</em>

<em>Cardinal Amanah Tudor</em>

"Pegasi Whiskers! You're gonna be a Houri, now?" Rachel exclaimed with wide eyes as Blaze reread the letter, and Aahna eyed him curiously. There was lot of information in between the lines.

"Of course, not," he firmly answered, placing the letter back in its envelope and putting it aside. He had more letters to read.

Five of the seven primary societies had sent him letters, inviting him to join them; the exceptions being the Ophanim and the Chayot. Since he hadn't done anything against the others, he only browsed through them. They all invited him to some group within their societies and offered him special privileges, making him finally realize how significant righteous fury was to the angels.

There were also a couple of letters from the mayors of Shapur and Varan, conveying their regards and telling him how proud they were of him. He didn't mind the letter from Varan, as he knew the old lady, but the letter from Shapur's mayor felt a bit disingenuous.

He pulled out a parchment and a quill pen from his space ring and started penning down a letter to the Malakim.

<em>Dear Cardinal Amanah Tudor,</em>

<em>I am so excited to receive this letter from you. I already knew so much about the Houri that I didn't even have to read through the documents you've sent me.</em>

<em>I only punished Houri Priscilla because I wanted to uphold the values that the Malakim hold so dearly. I even plan on apologizing to her for the hurt I've caused her.</em>

<em>I would love to join the Houri, but I made a promise to my mother that I will not join any societies until I graduate. She thinks that I need to experience the world, before I make such a commitment.</em>

<em>As someone who extols virtue, I cannot break that promise. I hope you will forgive me and give me enough time to graduate.</em>

<em>Thank you,</em>

<em>Blaze Er Lokra.</em>

"Is that all really true?" Aahna asked, looking over his shoulder.

"Not really, but that's between us. Why the hela are you two snooping on my letters, anyway?" he asked sarcastically. Rachel immediately turned to her food, pretending to have never looked at his letters.

"We cannot?" Aahna replied in impish innocence.

Blaze sighed. "Do you have an empty envelope?" he asked, shaking his head.

"Yep."

"Alright, blabbermouth," he said as he snatched the envelope from her hand. "You better not speak a word of this to anyone else," he warned her, placing the letter inside and writing his name on it.

"Hey! I can keep a secret!" she pouted in mock offense. "By the way, I think you need to have your own insignia to go with the letter," she commented after a moment.

"I do?" he asked raising a brow at her. An insignia was a kind of signature on Azra-El. It helped people easily recognize the stamp of a ruler, society, group or a person of note.

"Don't you think Tir's very first righteous fury deserves a symbol of her own? Especially if you plan to make your own group at some point. Obviously, Class 1A is gonna be a part of it," Ahna replied dreamily. Apparently, she had more plans for a group than he did.

"Why do you even think that I'd want to make a group?" Though what Aahna was suggesting seemed like an immature play club of sorts, he liked the idea.

"You don't?"

He sighed again. "I don't think it's wise to use one with the letter to the Malakim, but do you have any ideas for an insignia?"
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"What about white-hot flames? Shows a burning passion and goes well with your name," Aahna immediately proffered, her eyes focusing on his hair.

"umm. Wouldn't that be too common? I'd like something unique," he answered musingly, trying to think of cool designs from earth. None of the ones that popped into his head seemed apropos among the angels.

"Nothing's wrong with common. It's more relatable. We -"

"What about a glowing righteous fury riding a Pegasus," Rachel interjected.

"Sounds cool but I am not much of a Pegasi person. What about me riding a Quetzal, surrounded by bright orange fire?"

"The quetzal might send the wrong message," Aahna contemplated.

"What if it has fluorescent blue feathers and wings? Kinda like an angel Pegasus?" Blaze responded with Sky in his mind.

"Oh. That might work. A promise to bring the Quetzals to our side! It carries hope in the form of the quetzal and power in the form of our Big Bro," Aahna snapped her fingers. Rachel nodded sagely from the other side.

"Well, it all sounds very good, but I don't think we will be able to tell what sort of an impression it will give until it is drawn," Blaze said after a moment.

"Oh, Bi can draw. She is pretty good"

"Oh?" "Really," Blaze and Rachel responded in surprise.

"Oi, Bi! Come over for a bit. Bring your colors," Aahna shouted at her friend, who was currently chatting with Kida.

Soon they had a couple of sketches of an angel flying a pale blue Quetzal and surrounded by an orange sphere of raging fire. They didn't finalize on anything, but it was a good start and a lot of fun for the angels.

Blaze saw Priscilla when he went to meet with Siofra at tea that evening. Her head and jaw were wrapped in bandages and she seemed to be sipping on something through a straw.

Feeling the guilt return, he immediately walked up to her, making her entourage tense up at his approach.

"I apologize for hurting you so badly. I let my emotions get the better of me. I should've pulled my punch," Blaze proclaimed sincerely, with a slight bow.

Priscilla was taken aback for a moment, but she soon grit her teeth, making her jaw crack.

"I also wanted you to pass a message to the Malakim," he continued. He had intended to drop the letter off at the Malakim society of Tir, but seeing Priscilla made him change his mind. Giving it to her would display his willingness for reconciliation.

"I do not plan on joining any society until I graduate. I made a promise to my mother. I've written a personal letter to the cardinal, explaining it. I hope you can make sure it will reach her," he finished, leaving no room for denial. The girl couldn't really ditch the letter and risk the ire of the cardinal.

Priscilla exhaled deeply through her nose. "This is not over," she threatened through her teeth.

"It is, as far as I am concerned. I have nothing against you and you are free to pick a fight against me anytime. But, if you dare to go for my friends in retaliation, I promise you won't like it," he said unequivocally, and without giving her a chance to respond, he went back to Siofra.

**

Blaze once again brought over Siofra to his dorm that evening. Their combat teacher Yulia was still going through with the other students, so the class had become a routine of boring exercises for the two of them.

"Do we have someone good with their hands? I need a couple of makeshift Pegasi figures. One made of crunchy edible food like carrots, one of softer food, and one made from wood. The wood one should be able to burn," he called out from his central spot in the living room.

"I could try..." Kida stepped up when no one else volunteered. "I used to make wooden toys for fun. The other ones shouldn't be difficult as long as you don't need them to look perfect"

Kida was a short girl with long and sleek black hair. She had a small slim face with a high bridged nose and sparkling brown eyes. Though she was a quiet girl like Bi, she wasn't as reserved and stepped up whenever she thought she was needed.

"Awesome. Can we make them now? I will help you in any way I can," Blaze asked her, hurriedly.

"I guess ..." Kida replied unsurely, glancing at where she had been sitting.

"I will help you finish your homework after you're done," Blaze offered noticing her glance at the pile of books and parchment at her seat.

"Okay," she agreed.

"Let's go get some materials," he said, leading her towards the kitchen. "Will be back in a bit, Siof!" he called out to Siofra, but she was too immersed in a conversation with Aahna and Bi to pay him much attention. Rachel was doing her homework, not far from them but apart.

"umm. Why do you need these figurines?" Kida asked him shyly as they sifted through the kitchen's supply of vegetables. Blaze convinced the cook that he needed them for an assignment and technically it was one.

"To tame a ratty Pegasus," he responded with a rascally smile.

"Huh?" Kida replied confounded. "How would toys help in taming a Pegasus?"

"I will let you know if it works," he obviated.

Kida nodded, feeling very uncertain about his expression.

They decided on a gourd for the veggie Pegasus and swiped some dough from the pantry on their way out. Kida procured a small ten-inch block of wood from her space ring to be used for the wooden Pegasus.

The duo went back to the living room and started working on the figurines.

Blaze worked on scraping the skin off the gourd as he observed Kida use her carving knife on the block. She first cut off two thin vertical slices from the sides, before she started the shaping process. Her fingers were quite dexterous as she scraped pieces with precision and ease.

Soon, the block of wood molded into the shape of a horse. The industrious girl shaped the vertical slices into wings and inserted them into the deep grooves she had etched on the horse's back. The wings fit in snugly, converting the horse into a majestic Pegasus.

Blaze admired her work and began to feel a little bad about the plans he had for the figurine.

"Does this look good enough?" she asked him, as she added some finishing touches. She even added a mane by shearing off wood and bending the fiber to look like hair.

"It looks perfect!" he beamed at her.

"Thanks. Can you go find me some soft tinder?" she asked absent mindedly as she took the gourd and started evaluating it.

Blaze nodded and hurried off to the nearby woods.

As he picked up soft and dry spruce needles for tinder, he had the bright idea of making a torch. The plan he had in mind could be more effective with it.

So, he extended his search for a sturdy branch, some kindling and a lot more tinder. The makeshift torch he planned on making was only for an added effect and it did not need to burn for more than a few minutes.

When he returned to the dorm, he found Kida working on the mound of dough. A pale-yellow Pegasus made of gourd was standing beside the cream colored wooden one. The speed at which she worked amazed him. He hadn't been gone for more than twenty minutes.

Kida eyed him doubtfully as he brought out the materials he had gathered, but chose not to question him. She continued molding the dough into a horse-like creature. The malleable material didn't have the same feel as the stiff but soft wood she was used to.

Meanwhile, Blaze borrowed Kida's knife and split the top of the branch into four. He shoved some kindling between them and added a pile of tinder in the remaining space. Procuring some thread from another student, he wrapped it around the splits of the branch to hold everything together.

"Tell me if whatever you plan on doing works. I may need it when I get my own Pegasus," Kida told him as he swung the torch around, testing its stability.

She worked on the dough for a little longer before she gave in to imperfection. It looked like a blob when compared to the other two, but its form was close enough to be considered a Pegasus.

She placed it next to the gourd figure and once again picked the wooden one. Taking a bunch of dried spruce needles, she knotted them into a stringy tail before inserting it in a hole she left in the wooden Pegasus's behind. She compared the figure with the dough and seemed a little unhappy about the latter.

"It's good enough, Kida. I was looking for something like that in the first place" Blaze reassured her.

He quickly put the figures in his space ring to take her mind off them. "Ready for homework?"

The sky was still dark when he sneakily jumped off his window and flew towards the stable. Being the only one in his dorm to be able to fly had its perks; no one kept an eye out for angels trying to escape through their windows at night. The rustle of his wings was loud, but he was off before anyone could even think of it as more than a dream.

He sneaked in through the open window of the stable and turned on the lamp lights that hung from the walls. The lamp lights were a type of sconce with a tiny energy stone embedded inside them. They lit up whenever someone flicked the switch at their base.

The Pegasi woke up at his presence but they considered him nothing more than an annoyance. Most gave him a disgruntled neigh before turning around in their stalls. A silly young angel would not keep them from their precious sleep.

Badava recognized him but reacted the same as the others. Her nonchalance irritated and made him even more resolute over what he was planning to do.

He prodded the Pegasus' rump with the butt of his torch until it finally turned towards him. She snapped her teeth in dissatisfaction and snorted at him, but Blaze paid little attention to her displeasure.

He put his stool a few feet away in front of her stall and placed the dough figurine on top. The Pegasus eyed him curiously as he brought out his flyball bat.

Swinging it around a few times, he silently pointed the bat at the Pegasus and traced it towards the figure. He repeated the motion a few times to get the message across before suddenly bashing his club on the figure.

<em>Crack.</em> The dough which had hardened over the night crumbled into pieces.

The Pegasus stepped back in alarm over the sudden display of violence. The dimness of the light inside the stable made it even more scary for the flying horse.

Blaze gave the creature a few moments to register his actions before bringing out the gourd figure. He held it at arm's length and slowly walked over to the stall, letting the Pegasus take in the doll's features. The resemblance to a Pegasus was unmistakable even to its animal brain.

After letting the animal observe the figure for a bit, Blaze slowly brought it over to his mouth. He licked his lips before opening them wide and biting off the head in one quick snap of his teeth.

Badava reared her head in fear and stomped her feet as Blaze slowly and loudly munched on the piece of gourd and swallowed it in an exaggerated gulp. Though the raw gourd was bland and left a bad taste in his mouth, he finished off the entire figure, making sure that the Pegasus watched him viciously tear off its wings and limbs with his teeth.

"Mmm. Tasty!" he spoke out for the first time, rubbing his belly. The Pegasus was now all the way at the back of the stall. She didn't want to have anything to do with this evil angel.

Though the Pegasus' reaction caused doubts about his method to spring in his mind, he decided it was probably too late to back off. He grinned at the Pegasus and brought out his trump card.

He cleared out a small circle with his feet, pushing aside stray hay and grain; he didn't need to burn down the stable. Placing the wooden figure on the circle, he pulled out his torch and lit it using matches. Badava stomped and hustled on her feet, trying to get away somewhere or anywhere. Though she was smarter than most Earth animals, fire sprouted an instinctual fear in her animal brain.

Blaze slowly lowered his torch to the figurine.

By then, the Pegasus was quite aware of what the figures depicted. Unable to take her eyes off him, she watched as he took the torch to the tail and lit it. The tinder was immediately set ablaze.

As the tail burned, he set the torch against the figure and let it slowly catch on fire, the tinder helping in kindling it.

Staring into the fire he suddenly had an urge to cackle. He had been feeling like a voodoo shaman throughout the entire process and decided to embrace it.

"Burn Burn Burn," he cackled and broke out in to a shrill witch like laughter. A few of the other Pegasi had started paying attention to him at some point and they all neighed in fear, causing the entire stable to wake up. Badava was utterly frightened.

He slowly walked towards the stall and the Pegasus reared its feet in fear, trying to ward him off with her hooves. Blaze gave her an evil grin before turning back and picking up the torch.

The fire had spread over the entire figure and it began to burn with fury. He took the torch and walked back to the stall. The flickering light of the torch against his face enhanced his malevolent smile and made him even more terrifying.

Badava reared up again but he stood his ground and waited for her to calm down. The whole stable was awake with noise and Blaze could only hope that the nearest angel was too far away to hear the ruckus.

It took a while for the horse to settle down but settle down it did, as Blaze refused to go away. He pointed a finger at his torch and then at her. The Pegasus frantically shook her head, as if she was saying no. He would never actually hurt the Pegasus, but the poor animal could not know that.

Blaze set the torch aside, opened the stall door and stepped inside. It was the moment of reckoning. If he things didn't go well now, the Pegasus would never listen to him. A frightened animal was harder to control than a cranky one.

He carefully stepped towards her and she once again reared up her legs. Blaze stepped back and made a movement towards the torch. Badava immediately set her feet down and stood still.

"Good horsey!" he exclaimed, bringing out a carrot. He stretched his arm and brought the carrot to its mouth. The Pegasus did not make any movement and Blaze glared into its eyes. It gave in under the pressure and gingerly took the carrot with its teeth, making sure not to touch Blaze's fingers.

"Eat!" he commanded it hoarsely, making chewing motions with his mouth. He was teaching it discipline.

The Pegasus obeyed. It chewed the carrot and swallowed it without complaint.

"Good boy!" he praised her and pulled out a juicy apple. This time, he shortened the distance between them. The poor herbivore was too frightened to misbehave.

He placed a comforting hand on her cheek and gave her the apple. She ate it without as much as a snort or a twitch of a muscle.

<em>Reward and punishment. Psychology works wonders.</em>

"Good horsey horse," Blaze cooed as he rubbed the nervous Pegasus' cheek and mane.

After a minute, he took her reins and walked her out of the stall. He cleared out the mess he made as much as possible. There was some char left on the ground, which he tried to cover up with dirt. The Pegasus stood in obedience the whole time and Blaze finally felt comfortable enough to climb her without Claudis' presence.

Badava wasn't saddled but he jumped on her anyway. <em>Real men didn't need saddles.</em>

For the next half hour or so, Blaze walked, trotted and pranced the Pegasus around the stable. Riding an obedient horse was a walk in the park when compared to riding an irritable one.

By the time Claudis arrived, however, Blaze realized something very important. <em>Real men did need saddles.</em>

"Whoa!" Claudis yelped when she opened the stable doors and found Blaze grinning at her from the back of an uncharacteristically docile Badava. "Geez, Blaze. You scared me. What are you doing here so early? How did you even get in?"

"Through the window. Thought I'd try taming her before I left for home," he replied, pointing at his entry way.

"You tamed her?" she asked him in astonishment, finally noticing who the Pegasus was.

Seeing Claudis, gave the Pegasus some confidence and she started acting up a little. She shuffled her feet in contemplation of bucking off the offensive rider on her back.

"Yep" he replied, sitting back up with a confident smile.

The former pegasi knight initially stared at him in disbelief but her eyes suddenly narrowed. She briskly walked up to Badava and placed a palm against her cheek. The Pegasus trembled and gave her a miserable whinny.

"Get off," Claudis spoke in a hoarse whisper, startling the jubilant Blaze. His body stiffened. <em>Uh oh</em>

"Get off, NOW!" her voice gained intensity, making her anger evident.

Blaze scurried off the Pegasus, who immediately scampered away from him, trying to hide behind Claudis.

"WHAT did you do?" she glared at him.

"I..." he stuttered; "I scared her into obeying me," he managed to answer, beginning to realize that he had messed up.

Claudis' rage calmed a little as she saw his distressed face. She wordlessly led the Pegasus away to her stall, leaving Blaze to fester in his anxiety. She comforted the Pegasus while trying to calm her own anger.

When she returned a few minutes later, she found Blaze dolefully squirming on his feet. She had half expected to find him gone, but his presence and searching gaze eased her mind. It meant that she could still appeal to his better side.

She sighed. "I won't explain why your actions are morally wrong. If you can't figure it out yourself, then your righteous fury would've been meaningless. But I will ask you this, what do you think is the point of forming a bond with your Pegasus?" she said softly, not even bothering to ask what he had exactly done to the Pegasus.

The disappointment he heard in her voice only intensified the guilt he felt, and he failed to think of a proper answer.

She gave him a few moments before answering her own question, "If all you needed from a Pegasus was to obediently give you a ride, then scaring her into submission may work. Beating her into submission may work even better," she said, watching him cringe at the last sentence.

"However, a bond means and gives you much more. It's not just the joy of receiving a Pegasus' love and dedication. It's the connection you feel both while casually soaring in the sky or while charging into the midst of chaotic battlefield. A bonded Pegasus will never leave your side, sometimes even after your death.

"Tell me, why would an animal that is terrified of you stick around when it no longer feels that you're in control? It'll flee at the slightest indication of danger. I know that your goal of learning to ride a Pegasus is to achieve your dream of flying a Quetzal, but if all you crave for is the glory of riding the creature then I no longer want to teach you," she finished. Her voice didn't carry the usual sternness that she used while teaching.

"I am sorry!" he replied woefully. Her words hit him like a waterfall and he suddenly felt like he had betrayed her trust.

"You're no longer allowed to ride Badava or any other Pegasus, until I deem fit. If you still want to learn, you will first have to make Badava approach you on her own and without fear. Go back and consider your actions

The next morning brought with it a caravan of Pegasi carriages. The din of their approach woke Blaze and other students of dorm 1A who hadn't already risen that Loredas (Saturday) morning. When he peeked out his window, he saw rows of carriages whoosh past their dorm and land in the fields beyond the dorm's territory.

He had spent the previous night pondering over the incident with the Pegasus. When he carefully considered his actions, he realized how wrong they were, and it made him feel terrible. His new-found powers and the ability to display righteous fury had gotten to his head and put him in a high that made him think he was infallible. Though it was no excuse, it was the only thing he could tell himself to lessen the guilt. It also resurged his insecurities about not being an angel.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
After a quick breakfast, students who were heading home for the weekend slowly made their way to the parking area. A good twenty odd students from their class were staying at Tir. Not everyone was close enough to go back and some couldn't afford to make the trip too often.

Bi was one of the students who were staying back and when Blaze said goodbye to Siofra the previous night, he realized that she wasn't going home either. Apparently, her mother was a little busy. For some reason, that didn't sit right with Blaze.

It was late in the month of Frostfall and the weather had turned a little cold for the younger angels. Most wore a thicker layer of clothing than Blaze was accustomed to seeing. However, the sky was cloudless and blue, and the sun brought enough warmth to make it comfortable for Blaze.

The cold never bothered me anyway. He whistled as he walked with the others. Was there an angel like Elsa somewhere?

Fifty carriages were parked in neat rows of five and together with the Pegasi and the golden yellow grass field, it made for quite a spectacle. Each student was allotted a number and Blaze bid his farewells to his minions as he went in search of his carriage. Number 26.

Though the students had to pay for the ride, the school arranged for the transport services. Each carriage could carry four to six students and Blaze ended up with four others who were going in the same direction as him. They were all from different classes of year 1, but they were familiar with him.

Much to Blaze's annoyance, the trip turned out to be a chatty one. A couple of his carriage mates were friends from Cali. One was the daughter of a captain from a small town, and Ada, a sweet but hyperactive girl, was the daughter of a landlord in Varan. She was incessant about having Blaze visit their estate, but he politely brushed her off saying he was a little busy in the foreseeable future.

It was past noon by the time the carriage reached Varan.

Rebecca was waiting for him by the central plaza, dressed in a maroon corset and a white skirt, sporting a mischievous smile.

"Oh look, our little righteous fury has returned home with glory," she teased him in a sing song voice.

"Seriously, how does everyone know about it? Where's aunty Jie Er?" he replied exasperatedly. He had wanted to surprise them with his latest accomplishment.

"It was in the newspaper a couple of days ago. 'First year displays righteous fury and defeats a fourth year Houri.' They didn't reveal your name, but from the little details, we were pretty sure it was you. And then we received a messenger and a VP from Anastasia Marigold.

"We can discuss it later though. Let's hurry back. Jie Er's prepared an extravagant lunch and we don't want to make her wait any longer than necessary. I've never seen her so visibly happy and I think it has something to do with what you did.

"I honestly don't understand why this is more special than everything else you can do," she explained, taking him into her arms and fussing over him like a real aunt.

Ada who was picked up by an older pink haired angel, waved him goodbye as she was carried away. Blaze in turn wrapped his arms around Rebecca and she took off towards their home.

He was in hurry to get back home. There was someone he wanted to see more than his aunts. How will he react? Will he be angry?

<em>Squuee Squaaawk</em>, and a flutter of wings was all he heard before a ball of pale turquoise blue barreled into his chest. A scramble of claws later, the bird was perched on his shoulder with his wings wrapped around his head in a hug.

At almost twenty pounds, Sky was a big bird, but he somehow managed to fit himself on Blaze's shoulder. He could feel his claws through his shirt, though the bird's grip was gentle enough to not pierce his skin.

Blaze couldn't help his laughter and the pure joy that surged in his chest as the bird gently gnawed at his face and licked him with his dry but sticky tongue.

More laughter echoed through the garden as Jie Er stepped out at the bird's commotion. "He's been restless the whole day. Maybe it was just the smells of all the dishes that gave him an inkling, but I think he somehow sensed that you were coming back," she chuckled at the sight. She was garbed in simple white shift that barely concealed her thong and regarded him with a warm smile.

"It's good to be back, aunty," Blaze replied, prying an unwilling wing off his face. An uncontrollable smile spawned on his face. Though he had enjoyed his time at Tir, Jie Er and the cottage gave him a warmth that couldn't be replicated.

"Welcome home, honey."

***

"He's changed so much," Blaze observed as they sat around the dining table, eating a heavy and hearty meal.

The scones were crisp and buttery, soaking up the thick honey colored gravy like a sponge. The chicken skillet with potatoes and brussels sprouts was a mix of lush colors and was perfectly cooked; the chicken tender and juicy, the potatoes hard on the outside but soft inside &amp; the sprouts crunchy. There was also a rich tomato soup seasoned with a variety of herbs and spices and Blaze couldn't help slurping it up between bites of the scones and chicken. He washed it all down with a hot but light apple cider.

"Yeah, he sprouted a tail feather one morning and within the next two days his wings were covered with them," Jie Er replied happily. Him eating with such gusto and delight brought immense happiness to her heart. She had feared that he would drift apart once he went to school. After all, she wasn't his real mother and he had only spent a few months with her. His unwillingness to see her as a parent also added to her anxiety.

Sky refused to get off Blaze and sat on his lap as Blaze fed him with a constant stream of chicken and bites of sprout. He didn't seem to care much for the potatoes.

Blaze pulled his wing to observe his feathers. They were long, velvety and a turquoise blue like the rest of her body, but his wing tips were a radiant violet that seemed to change shades under the light. The two colors gradually merged into each other just like the red of Blaze's own wings merged into his inner white.

As he ran his fingers through his plumage, the feathers on his head rose into a tiny crest. It was still growing, but he observed a hint of white underneath them.

"And he can already fly?" he asked in delight, picturing a long white crest on a gigantic blue quetzal, just like the colors of a real sky. He looked quite magnificent.

"Just short distances. He only managed to make his first jump yesterday. Thankfully, he doesn't seem to be too interested in getting over the wall, yet."

"I can't wait to fly alongside him. How long do you think it will be before he can fly like us?" he questioned excitedly. Flying on Badava with a baby Quetzal in tag made an awesome image in his mind. He knew it would be a while before he could fly on Sky.

"I have no idea. Rin told me that Poukai fledglings take between a few weeks to a month. But Sky is no ordinary bird, is he? I thin-"

"Are we going to address the cerafent in the room yet?" Rebecca interjected, feeling a little annoyed. The two of them hadn't even mentioned the incident at school and were becoming lost in their own little world.

Cerafents were gigantic land animals that looked like a dangerous cross between a rhinoceros and an elephant. With a dangerous horn on their heads, chitin like skin on the neck and two spear-like tusks that could impale the strongest of armors, even Xenodon were usually hesitant to approach them.

"What's the hurry? She is here until evening," Jie Er answered casually.

"You know, I thought I'd be the one acting like the cool aunt, while you blew your head off over how brash she has been. She hospitalized a Houri on the first week of school," she huffed exasperatedly.

"Second!" Blaze chimed in.

Jie Er suddenly turned, "Did you apologize to the poor girl?" she asked seriously.

"Yep. She didn't really want it though..."

"There you go, Rebecca," she said, her seriousness disappearing in a flash.

Rebecca sighed, dropping her shoulders in surrender, "That's not the point."

"There is a difference between being brash and standing up for someone, Becky. She displayed righteous fury and that makes me awfully proud. I would've done the same if I could," she replied emotionally. A look of nostalgia flashed across her face.

Jie Er's praise suddenly made Blaze recall Claudis' final words. Not wanting to ruin the mood, he pushed down the shame that threatened to spill out on his face.

"I know that! It just doesn't seem like you," Rebecca defended herself, "Whatever. Are we going to hear the whole story?" she sighed, turning to Blaze.

Blaze was more than happy to recant the incident and most of everything else that happened over the week. Sky joined him in his story by animatedly cooing, squawking and purring along with his words.

"You should invite Siofra over, the next time you get a chance. She seems like a nice girl. I would've asked you to bring her over the weekend after next, but you will be going to Saket on that weekend," Jie Er said after he finished.

"So, you think I should go?" he asked, wanting a more concrete explanation.

"Yes. At this point, I think you will draw more attention by not going out in the open. Besides, the duchess and Elyssa will be accompanying you and you will appear as someone the duchess is personally helping raise. The party may also give you a peek into the politics of the union," Jie Er elaborated. Something about her words made her seem quite familiar with such events.

"Wait, you aren't coming?" Blaze asked, realizing there was no 'we or us' in her words.

"No, Rebecca will accompany you," she answered, avoiding his eyes.

"Why can't you both come?" he protested. It meant that he would not be able to see her for a whole month.

"I am not very good with such social gatherings, Blaze Er. I am sorry," she replied softly. Something in her expression made him drop the matter. There was more to it than a simple dislike for parties.

"We will be going to Agatha's tomorrow. You will need some good clothes. There will be dignitaries from all over the heavenly union and we can't have you wearing those silly clothes you prefer. It is also a costume party, so we will need something for that as well," Jie Er remarked after a while.

"Wait, what? A costume party?" his eyes widened as his body lurched forward, lightly hitting Sky's beak against the table. The bird protested but he ignored him.

"Are you serious?" he repeated, aghast. Elyssa had failed to mention that particular aspect of the party. Searching for a costume and dress wear in a world of females would be an absolute nightmare. Jie Er and Rebecca would be of no help. In fact, it would be quite the opposite.

"Yeah. You didn't know? It's the weekend of the Regnbage festival," she replied, her eyes losing focus. She was going to have fun picking up clothes and dressing up her little Blaze.

<em>Shit!</em> The thought of taking Sky and running away, flashed across his mind.

"Do we have any body oils?" Blaze asked, a couple of hours after dinner that evening. They were all sitting comfortably in the living room sofas, with Blaze and Jie Er occupying the larger one.

He lay on his back with his head on her lap, as she gently caressed his hair. Sky was already in his coop, sleeping. Blaze had put him inside, sat down beside the coop and sung his favorite song while he had slowly nodded off.

Spending time with Sky made him realize something. Though Badava wasn't Gyrill, it was clear that Claudis had an immense affection towards all her Pegasi. The reaction he received did no justice to how angry she must've felt at his actions. How would he react if someone he trusted Sky with, put him through same ordeal that he had put Badava through? He vowed to sincerely seek Claudis' forgiveness and once again approach the Pegasus, but this time with compassion.

"Yeah, I do. What do you need them for?" an unexpected reply came from Rebecca.

"umm... for you, actually. I was planning on giving you a massage" he replied, turning his head towards her and giving her an innocent looking smile. His eyes, however, revealed the truth.

"Oh? And what makes me deserve this gracious treatment?" she returned with a doubting arched brow, removing a collection of bottles from her space ring and placing them on the tea table. They were all different flavors: rose, lilac, jasmine, cinnamon, lavender, and orange. They also seemed to have seen some usage.

"For giving me that table. I put it to good use," he smirked, referring to the table he used for his massages. "Why do you have so many?" he continued, getting up and looking at the bottles with interest. Rose seemed to be the best match for Rebecca.

"Massages are quite common in the army. They are good for your health and keep muscles flexible, especially if given after a heavy workout," Jie Er answered in her stead.

Blaze imagined a tent full of oiled up naked angels, giving massages to each other. It made him seriously reconsider the army as a career option.

"Yeah. I am quite used to them. I get one almost every week," Rebecca replied.

"Oh yeah? Well, my massage is a bit different."

"Of course, it is. I presume you need me to get completely naked for it?" she said cheekily. She didn't have any doubts on what the massage would end up becoming.

"Obviously," he scoffed. "I will give you one tomorrow, aunty," he added to Jie Er.

"It alright, dear," Jie Er laughed. "Do you need my help?"

"It's a two-angel job, aunty. I <em>will</em> need your help," he emphasized, getting up with a lewd smile.

Soon they had pushed the furniture to the walls and sides of the room, leaving the long table in the middle.

"I think it's best if we all get out of our clothes. It will keep them from being soiled by the oil," Blaze said, reaching for Rebecca's corset.

"Yep. That's the reason," she quipped, letting Blaze work with threads of her top. He loosened the knots and her bust immediately bulged up, being released from the pressure. It was a wonder how large her breasts were, despite the constant abuse from her constricting corsets.

Jie Er smiled at the two and slowly dropped her skirt, revealing a transparent white silken thong. She unhurriedly pulled her shift down her shoulders and let it fall to the ground, revealing two perfectly shaped extra-large pears. Despite her insistence with streamlining, she at least treated her assets better.

Blaze almost tore away Rebecca's corset and threw it aside, releasing her mounds from their involuntary confinement. Flicking them gently, he let them feel freedom and gravity as they bounced and jiggled under his touch.

"I thought you found someone to address your needs," Rebecca asked, wryly shaking her head at his enthusiasm.

"Three of them, but they aren't you," Blaze replied ardently, leaving her strapped for words.

He knelt down and pulled down her crimson panties, revealing her pale pink and slightly puffy lower lips. Getting up, he took her hand and led her to the table, placing a pillow at the head of it and asked her to lie down. Blaze quickly got out of his clothes, his shaft already engorged in anticipation.

Quickly grabbing the rose oil from the coffee table, he returned to the angel lying supine on the table, scratching her breast over her nipple. He had intended to start with her back, but he went along with her choice.

He poured the clear yellowish pink oil over her breasts and sternum. Quickly handing the bottle to his assistant before the liquid could run off Rebecca's body, he smeared it all over her breasts, chest, and stomach. A thick fragrant smell of roses emanated and spread throughout the room, sending their brains into a lull.

Blaze once again took the oil from Jie Er and applied it to Rebecca's arms, legs and feet. It was just the start and he planned on coming back and paying attention to each part of her body.

"Just do whatever you feel is right, aunty," he suggested to Jie Er, climbing up on the table. He straddled Rebecca's long thighs and the tip of his member just happened to lie against her pink thin slit.

Jie Er nodded and applied some oil over her hands before sliding the bottle under the table. She stepped around behind Rebecca's head, to wrap her oiled hands under herneck, and firmly slid her thumbs along the sides and the back of her ears. Rebecca's head arched up as a jolt of electricity coursed through her spinal cord and in to her brain.

Blaze grinned at his aunt and started slowly caressing Rebecca's smooth springy stomach, putting just enough pressure to stretch her muscles. The body oil giving her skin a slick, smooth texture. Suddenly, he bent his fingers and lightly ran his nails across the sides of her waist and stomach.

Rebecca's body shivered as a sprightly current ran throughout her upper body and her thighs. It ran through her breasts and tingled her small pink nipples, instantly hardening them.

"Damn, you two are good," Rebecca commented and closed her eyes, surrendering her body to their ministrations.

Slowly, Blaze moved from her stomach to her sternum between her cleavage and to her chest. He moved his hands in such a way that they brushed at her breasts, teasingly, but never coming in full contact. He only moved to her mammaries after building up enough tension and want.

He cupped her massive breasts and started to squeeze and press them with his fingers, slowly revolving them under his palms.

Jie Er caressed her cheek and Rebecca opened her eyes. She leaned down and after pausing for a moment to feel their breath against each other, she gently pressed her lips against Rebecca's for a fleeting touch, like a butterfly. She slightly pulled back for a fraction of a second, before she descended on her again.

Blaze was the only one surprised as Rebecca seemed to respond as if it was completely normal. He had seen them kiss before, but it was only in the throes of passion. This was something entirely different.

A pang of jealousy sparked in his heart as he watched the two of them kiss tenderly, their pink beautiful lips touching and parting as if they were somehow psychically linked.

Suddenly, their lips parted simultaneously, and their tongues emerged to embrace each other. They revolved around each other a few times before their lips enclosed them, hiding them away from Blaze's view.

He shook his head at himself as they started passionately kissing, using their hands to lovingly caress each other's cheeks. His jealousy was dumb.

He massaged Rebecca's breasts for a little longer before he moved up, turned around and straddled her stomach. He started sincerely massaging her legs, trying to kill the seeds of jealousy in his heart. <em>It's freaking stupid. I should feel happy about this.</em>

Suddenly, he felt Rebecca's hand on his butt cheek. She squeezed him once before giving it a light slap, almost as if she knew what he was thinking. It managed to drive away the silly emotion. She kept her hand on his butt, lightly caressing it in intervals.

His vigor rejuvenated, Blaze moved his fingers to her inner things. He shuffled his butt on to Rebecca's breasts, feeling their softness press against him, as he slowly drew his thumbs along her femoral nerves all the way up the creases of her groin.

"mmmmh" Rebecca moaned out loudly and without inhibition. In the company of these two angels, she felt safe and free to express herself. Blaze's hands were firm and seemed to know all her spots, unraveling all her kinks as they traveled across her skin.

The two of them paused their kiss and Jie Er massaged her head while observing her little one's strangely attractive butt and organ. It was so different from the others and maybe that was the reason why she was so attracted to it. She reached out and gave him a squeeze on his other cheek.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Hey! I need to work, ladies!" he said in mock complaint as he took his fingers to Rebecca's slit. He could differentiate their hands by the way they touched him and the length of their nails, with Rebecca's being longer.

He cupped her groin with both hands and massaged her lips with his fingers, pushing and spreading them apart, revealing the pink depths of her vagina. He leaned forwards and licked her nub and slit, tasting her rose flavored juices that combined with the oil and started to wet her vagina.

Rebecca took the opportunity to fiddle a finger into his butthole. Blaze paused for a moment before he gave up on protesting. They gave in to his desires and it was only fair that he return the gift.

Without any explicit opposition from Blaze, Rebecca cupped his butt cheeks and sent a finger into the depths of his ass.

"I think my spot is close to my penis," he explained. If this was going to happen, he might as well make the best of it. Blaze couldn't deny that it felt good. The nerve endings over there were closer to the prostrate and if done right, it could add immensely to his arousal.

Soon, he pushed his fingers into her tight cunt and felt as much resistance as he had felt when he fucked her a few weeks before. <em>At least they haven't figured out a way to replace my dick</em>, he mumbled to himself while he worked his magic on her insides. His fingers were dexterous, and he touched, caressed, and creased every part of the vagina that he had access to.

Heat and arousal filled Rebecca's body as her moans started gaining intensity. Her knees rose up and her thighs collapsed around his fingers telling Blaze that she was about to have her first orgasm of the day. He pushed two fingers into her and started speedily pulling them in and out of her.

"AAAAAaaahHH" Rebecca finally screamed as her body shuddered and shivered, her orgasm producing a flood as she sprayed out of her vagina and onto Blaze face. <em>Maybe we could save it for some strawberry ice cream?</em> He thought tasting her strawberry flavored essence.

He waited for Rebecca to come down from her orgasm before making her turn onto her stomach. He poured more oil on her back and took Jie Er's assistance in spreading it, while he played with her perky butt and long legs.

As Jie Er honestly massaged her back, he bounced and squeezed her butt cheeks before running his fingers down into the crevasse of her butt crack, sliding it up and down her slit and puckered hole, spreading the wetness of her orgasm.

He repeated the process until her anus started pulsing under his ministrations and he felt it enlarge under his finger. He pushed his finger in and it easily slid inside, making him want to put in something much larger. <em>But, can I hold on? </em>

He knew he wouldn't last too long once he got going inside of her, and he had plans for something else. <em>Maybe a few thrusts?</em> It could count as a part of the massage, he convinced himself.

Grabbing either edges of the table, he slid over and down her butt and turned around. He oiled his member and spread her cheeks to place his tip against her puckered hole. Jie Er watched with interest as he fumbled around over Rebecca's slippery hole. Rebecca wiggled her butt and teased him, adding to his misery. Annoyed, he placed his thumb against the tip and harshly pushed in.

"Aaaah," she cried as the movement caused his thighs to slip over hers and he penetrated her completely; her back arching up in an audible crack. His oiled hands slipped over her back and he fell on top of her with a wet thump as his cock pushed all the way inside her ass. Jie placed her hands on his back to hold him steady.

Without bothering to get up, he started grinding his hips over her slippery butt as his member moved through the smooth oiled walls of her rectum. Rebecca clutched the edge of the table with her hands and tried her best to move her ass in rhythm with Blaze. Of all the times he had penetrated her ass, this felt the most pleasurable, his slick cock unable to push any deeper.

Heat and arousal once again started building inside of her, but before it could go any further, Blaze pulled out. His arousal had been increasing ever since the start of the massage and had to stop if he wanted to do what he had in his mind.

"Come here, aunty," he invited Jie Er, getting off the table.

"Turn over," he prodded Rebecca before he pulled down Jie Er's thong. Her sculpture like pussy always fascinated him and he couldn't help but run a finger along her slit and tiny nub, eliciting a little hiss from her. She was aroused too.

"Can you climb on top of her?" he asked restlessly. His need made him want to rush things.

Jie Er nodded demurely and walked up to the head of the table.

"The other way around," Blaze stopped her with a raised brow, twirling his hand. The implication of her action was not lost to him.

Rebecca grinned at him while Jie Er blushed a deep red. She hastily moved down and climbed on to the table and Rebecca, straddling her with her thighs.

"Make some room," he said, pushing Jie Er forward on Rebecca's stomach.

Rebecca bent her knees and raised her thighs, giving room to Blaze as he climbed up between them. He shuffled towards them on his knees and pushed against Jie Er's back to make her lie down on top of the bottom angel. He knew it wasn't the first time she was on top of Rebecca.

Letting go of her initial embarrassment, Jie Er leaned in and wrapped the smaller Rebecca in her arms. Their mighty breasts pressed into each other and despite being squished under Jie Er's weight, their size was still significant.

Jie Er's butt pushed in between Rebecca's thighs as their slits slid onto one another. She stretched her flexible legs on the table and let her calves hang from the sides as she firmly pressed her stomach against Rebecca's.

Blaze received an unhindered view of two thin slits on top of each, almost making a single line. Jie Er's other hole formed the dot on top of the exclamation mark of their pussies. The whole thing made Blaze's mind go haywire with heat and arousal.

Rebecca tilted her head up with passion in her eyes and Jie Er received her with her lips. As their kiss slowly intensified, their bodies began to grind and rub against each other; their breasts and nipples rubbing against each other, the oil spreading across their smooth stomachs as they pressed together, their clits and lower lips slickly fucking each other.

Unable to control himself, Blaze grabbed Jie Er's waist and pushed his penis between their slits. The oil and their wetness allowed for easy entrance and his member flicked their nubs on its way, eliciting two muffled moans into each other's mouths.

Blaze fell on top of Jie Er and started feverishly pumping into the gap between their slits, tickling their nubs on his way in and on his way out.

"I need it now!" Rebecca panted loudly, almost in a scream. She had her arms wrapped around Jie Er's neck and could feel the weight of the two angels on her, yet she felt empty. Her insides ached for something thick and hot.

Blaze didn't need any more coercion. He angled his cock into Rebecca and pushed himself in. Though it was tight, it accepted him easily and wrapped him a warm hug, like a long-lost lover. He sneaked his arms between their bodies and held Jie Er around her smooth stomach as he rammed into Rebecca.

"Aaah Aah Aah AAahhhh" she cried continuously as Blaze member grinded her insides and Jie Er's groin pleasured her clitoris. The two female angels looked into each other's eyes as they exchanged passionate kisses and fleeting licks.

Suddenly, Rebecca felt Blaze pull out and the next moment Jie Er moaned and arched her head in pleasure. He had pulled out of one hole and penetrated the other without any warning. She pulled Jie Er's head down and hungrily wrapped her lips around hers. Her body flooded with pleasure, heat and much more, as something foreign entered her. It seemed to connect her with the other two.

Blaze felt his mind begin to cloud by the strange energy that seemed to emerge when he went over a peak in arousal. He had once been afraid of it, but amid these two angels, he didn't care. He let it take over his body as he switched between Jie Er and Rebecca, their tight, wet cunts clutching at him, almost refusing to let him pull out. He didn't give them any indication when he swapped, and that unpredictability intensified their sensation each time he speared them.

Finally, he started to feel the ache in his balls. He pushed into Jie Er and started furiously humping into her, almost like a dog in heat. The rapid thrusts quickly intensified Jie Er's arousal up and over her threshold. The strength of his thrusts pushed Jie Er against Rebecca, mashing their clits together and bringing Rebecca with her.

"Aah Ahh Aaaah" she screamed as she clutched Rebecca's head in her hands and shivered in release. Her warmth splashed over the other two, causing them to orgasm in response. Rebecca wrapped her long flexible legs around the two of them, and with shrill moans of her own she repeatedly pushed her hips upwards into Jie Er as she relished in the ecstasy of release.

Blaze grunted loudly and drove himself into Jie Er's depths and felt her spasming and shuddering under him. The heat and arousal that had been repressed, simultaneously burst forth in his brain and in the pit of his stomach as he spurted thick threads of essence into the walls of her cervix.

"So that's what it feels like," Rebecca dreamily commented, after their orgasms subsided and they lay languidly on top of each other, unable to find the energy or desire to move.

Though she had lost control of her body, the final release made up for it. It made her wonder how it would be to have him inside her in such a state. It was unfortunate that Jie Er required his essence more than she did.

"Any ideas on what you wanna dress up as?" Rebecca asked as the trio walked into town, the next morning.

"A pirate!" Blaze replied confidently.

Though crime in the Heavenly Union was low when compared to Earth, it still existed. Pirates were common in the seas and rivers of Azra-El. Most of them were tainted angels, but there were also those who fought for some cause they believed in. The union referred to them as the <em>misguided</em>.

"Pirate?" she asked puzzled, while Jie Er simply raised an eyebrow.

"I think it will be funny. A righteous fury angel dressing up as a pirate," Blaze explained.

Rebecca giggled while Jie Er chose not to say anything, she wasn't going to let him go without trying out all the outfits possible. Just the idea made her excited.

Blaze's real reason for wanting to dress as a pirate was a bit different. With an eyepatch and hopefully a hook hand, he felt that such a costume would be the best option to not appear or feel like a crossdresser.

However, much to his chagrin, at Agatha's he found out that angel pirates wore some of the skimpiest feminine clothes possible. He instantly discarded his idea and started looking for other costumes.

"I am not wearing anything with a thong or a bra," he categorically denied Jie Er as she brought over a fox, a cat, and a princess costume. She went to look for more, his words having no effect on her enthusiasm.

Finally, after half an hour of looking, the three of them had four potential costumes in front of them: an umpire, a generic soldier, a cute mouse, and a ninja looking costume. The only one Blaze felt comfortable with was the soldier costume. The wrap around could pass as half pants and he could replace the bra with chest bands. Regardless, he wasn't too happy with it and neither was Jie Er.

"You know? If you think you will have time, you should go looking for a costume at Sekat. They will surely have a lot more options," Agatha offered, feeling their mutual dissatisfaction. Jie Er had told her about the trip at some point.

"Let's do that!" Blaze grabbed at her words.

"We have the whole of Loredas evening to look around, Jie Er," Rebecca added, patting Blaze's shoulder. Even she needed a costume and everything at Agatha's looked too generic for her tastes.

"Fine! Do what you want," Jie Er sighed, looking a little crestfallen. "But we are getting your dress clothes here. They need to be tailor made," she added with conviction.

Another half hour of discussion later, Jie Er and Blaze settled on a design; a scarlet full sleeved silken blouse that was shirt-like, over a pair of white cotton half pants, and red boots with black flats. They matched with his wing colors and for once, he was happy with his clothes.

"Do you want anything from Sekat, aunt Aggie?" Blaze asked as they got up to leave.

"Up to you, Blaze Er. Have fun and come visit me the next time you're here," she replied with a glint in her eye.

The trio went around the town for a little while before they returned. Blaze wanted to spend more time with Sky. The quetzal had made quite a ruckus when they were leaving earlier in the day, squawking and wildly biting at the wooden railings of her coop.

So, he spent the rest of the afternoon with the bird before he took him onto the wall surrounding the house. Perching Sky on the wall, he sat down beside him to watch the idyllic grasslands. A herd of bison grazed about half a yonder away from the cottage as a wild pack of dogs chased after something in the grass.

After a while of silent company, Blaze started talking to the bird. He knew Sky couldn't understand him, but he nonetheless explained the situation. He spoke about why he needed to leave and why he couldn't take him along. He promised to visit him as often as he could and told him to grow strong under Jie Er's care, so that one day they could go on adventures and explore the vast world beyond the grasslands. Maybe, he could even find Sky's mother.

Sky patiently listened and cooed along almost as if he could understand him.

The angel trio enjoyed another threesome on the massage table before dinner, with Jie Er as the center of attention this time around. Soon, Blaze had to once again say goodbye and when he put Sky in his coop, the bird gave him a melancholic squawk before he hurried to the corner and hid his beak under his wing. Blaze's heart wrenched as he silently closed the door and took off with Jie Er and Rebecca.

The same carriage picked him and Ada up at the plaza, and off they want back to Tir. It was late into the night when they reached their academy and the carriage dropped each student at their individual dorms.

As he lay down to sleep, the memory Jie Er and Rebecca's warm embrace in their post-orgasm bliss tugged at him, bringing a small smile to his face.

<strong>Author's comments</strong>: I realize that the chapter had a lot less going on then the previous chapter, but I hope the quality of writing and the two sex scenes made up for it :P. The next chapter will be a long one.

I will be visiting my family over the holidays, so I may or may not be a little late for the next chapter.

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong>

Q1. Seriously, more of them?

A1. Yep

Q2. Why haven't you described Blaze's assets?

A2. Cause' I want you guys to imagine whatever you want. I will, however, say this. He isn't impractically hung like a horse, but he is much more than adequate. Moreover, he will probably keep growing for another 80/100 years.

Q3. How hung are you?

A3. That's none of your damn business. I will, however, just say this... I... never mind.

Q4. Healing semen?

A4. I think some of you need to read more carefully (although, I may not have been very clear in my writing). There is more happening there.

Q6. Does Blaze have a little bit of demon in him?

A6. That's up to you to decide. Maybe he's simply human with the body of an angel.

Q5. What does OP mean?

A5. OP -- Over Powered -- It's a common trope in fantasy/sci-fi fiction. The main character often becomes too strong and has too many skills, with a lame excuse for a weakness that is only used superficially to add drama (Think of Superman but ten times worse).

Consider this: I am a time travelling space dragon who can create and destroy stars with the flick of a finger. I can also turn into anything I want, so I am currently parading as a human. What can I say? I have a fetish for sexy earthen females and their booty.

Whilst posing as a human, I work as a genius scientist who is also a pro soccer player, a movie star with an amazing voice (starring in the very first action musical), and an artist. Did I talk about the nobel peace prize I won? (I made the world realize that sex solves everything).

My only weakness is the light emitted by a neutron star, which makes me super weak and continuously puke rainbows. <br >Is this a valid weakness? Sure. But do you know how far the nearest neutron star is? ~ 1000 light years. I can afford to travel there in my spare time, but what about you puny humans?

You're a damn cool character! (You may think). But if I write a story where I am the main character among a bunch of humans, it doesn't make for much of a tale.

Oh, an evil prudish scientist made a tiny neutron star in his lab?

Ah well, that tickled my colon. The resulting gas destroyed the pesky scientist and his lab. The tiny neutron star sunk into the depths of the earth (because of its weight) and exploded, destroying earth and all of humanity.

Now I must go and find a new planet with human like females. Azra-El? It maybe in another universe. Oh well, I got plenty of time in my hands.

Wait a minute, this turned out to be a pretty interesting story. But I am sure you get my drift by now. Otherwise, you will be forcing me to write another inane short story.

***
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 12|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Obligatory Warnings:</strong> 

1. Only one sex scene in this chapter, but I think it's good. The Regnbage festival has been postponed to the next chapter as this turned out to be too long. 

2. <em>Page breaks</em>: They didn't show last time. From now, I am going to use oOo for page breaks and *** for shorter breaks between conversation. Hope that helps. I apologize for the confusion last time. 

<strong>Lore:</strong> 

<strong>Language:</strong> The language of the Heavenly Union is called <em>Avestan</em>. Thousands of years ago there were numerous languages in the land, but as trade and power brought the angels together, the languages gradually merged into four distinct groups. 

Enochian was spoken by the northern Asynja; Shensi was spoken by the eastern Kami; Kriti was spoken by the central Devi; Vac was spoken by the southern Mulungu. These four regions were united around ten thousand years ago by the Deva, Eris, and the language Avestan evolved from this unity of the four regions. 

The demons have numerous local languages/dialects of their own but Avestan has now become their common language. When this happened is a question that sparks fervid debate among angel historians. 

<strong>Txiki, the trickster</strong>: She is playful trickster from pixie folklore, who keeps tricking the soul reaper from collecting her soul. There are numerous short stories on her various tricks and wagers with the soul reaper. 

Txiki is also sometimes considered to be the estranged daughter of Yanluo, the goddess of death in angel mythology. 

<strong>Religion:</strong> The angels do not have formal religions like on Earth. They have local beliefs and a pantheon of different gods that vary depending on the location. The beliefs of the societies are the closest to what can be a considered a religion on Earth. 

Mata: The goddess of creation. 

Rhea: Goddess of land. 

Xihe: Goddess of world energy. 

Hathor: Goddess of motherhood. 

Kali: Goddess of destruction. The Xian believe that Mata and Kali are one and the same - sort of like yin and yang, while the Malakim tend to look at Kali in a more negative connotation. 

There are many more and the names can vary but the above are the more popular ones. 

<strong>Character Descriptions</strong> (Only the ones that are helpful for the chapter) 

<strong>Seshat Amun</strong>: The exotic looking History teacher at Tir. She is a brilliant teacher and makes learning fun and enthralling. She has a sweet crystalline voice that adds to the charm of her lessons. 

An exorbitantly curvy angel with honey colored skin and sleek midnight black hair that's parted in the middle and flows down her narrow waist to her wide hips. Dark green eyes shine beneath long heavy lashes, adorned by pitch black mascara. She has a perfect Greek nose and plump auburn bow shaped limps. 

Barely concealed by skimpy exotic clothing adorned by jewelry. She has buxom pear-shaped breasts that usually hang freely under her tops. Her hips are wide, with a pert mountainous butt, thin arms and lustful legs. 

She is 6'8 and is around Jie Er's age. 

<strong>Yulia Vasilek:</strong> She has shoulder length hair with bangs that cover her forehead. Her almond shaped eyes are lime green and have a severe gaze that accentuate by her crescent like silver eyebrows. She has a long thin nose with a smooth curve in the middle. Her lips are heart shaped and pouty, and her face is small and round with a sharp chin. 

Though not the most entertaining teacher, she seems to care a lot about the growth of her students as she painstakingly goes through each one of them to give personalized advice. 

<strong>Siofra Eoiwagn:</strong> She is twenty-nine years old but at 5'2, she is small for an angel but not for a pixie. Siofra has long bushy orange hair, large round upturned orange eyes with orange mascara, an angular jaw with a small rounded chin, full pouty pink lips, and a sharp slightly turned up nose. She is cute but has a piercing gaze with a hint of broodiness. 

<strong>Aahna Maitreya:</strong> A cheerful, talkative and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the de facto class representative if Class 1A. She is a cute violet haired girl with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder length hair and is around 5'2. Her mother is the vice head of a major merchant guild. 

<strong>Bi Tru'ng:</strong> A lanky black-haired unassuming girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes and a shy countenance. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6. 

<strong>Rachel Arianrhod:</strong> She is a confident &amp; combative kid with boyish short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. Her mother is a knight captain in the Cloud Nine regiment and thus she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She initially didn't like Pixies but has become somewhat comfortable around Siofra. 

<strong>Nina:</strong> A blonde ponytailed angel who is good at sports. She is a decent pitcher in Flyball and is quite good at Troisnet. 

<strong>Kida:</strong> A cute Japanese looking black haired girl who is a good batter in Flyball. She is also good at arts and crafts. 

<strong>Elyssa Marigold</strong>: Blaze's first real friend in Azra El. He met her at Varan's library. She is from a noble family and despite their rough start Blaze and Ely have become the best of the friends. 

When Blaze first saw her, he fell in a daze because of her surreal beauty. She has an oval face with gentle curves and a sharp chin. Slightly downturned large aquamarine eyes with long fluttering lashes, adorned by thin gently rising eyebrows. 

She has a soft graceful nose &amp; her reddish pink cupid's bow lips are full and luscious. Her long, thick and smooth golden blonde hair is parted in the middle, and then braided into a thick long tail that hangs below her waist. She also has long bangs that are usually swept behind her ears. 

Ely is 61 years old and is 5'6. She is somewhat short for her age, but she claims that she hasn't had her growth spurt yet. 

Ely is a genius and considered to be the angel with the most potential in her century. She is the quiet sort and doesn't have too many friends. Most likely because she never had anyone to relate to. 

<strong>Response to Comments:</strong> 

<em>ZeroCross:</em> I really appreciate the offer for being an editor, but dankmemez is proving to be an amazing editor and I don't think I am at a stage where I need multiple editors. But, please pm me your email so I can contact you in case dank is ever busy and cannot do the editing for a particular chapter. 

Thank you for the positive review and I am glad you think so highly of my story. I will try to inculcate the minor descriptions you recommended, but if I can't, you can always refer to character descriptions I will be providing for relevant characters in each chapter. 

<em>RanceSama:</em> What happened to the mind boggling, neurotic, lengthy and simply awesomazing comment you wrote? There is only a short version of it now. Thankfully, I did get to read it before you or lit shortened it. Feel free to keep doing it. I thoroughly enjoy your outbursts :P. 

<em>In case you guys missed my response earlier.</em> 

<em>Ahren</em>: His humanness is what gives meaning to his reincarnation. I am going to try my best for a proper reconciliation. Making mistakes is a part of life - Blaze is still a good person and I will not turn him into an angsty teenager (if that's what you're worried about). He seems a bit more like a kid as he is among 'teens' of angels. 

<em>James</em>: Haha. I'd like to write that at some point. Actually, I am considering writing a short side story about the dragon at the end of each chapter :P. Let's see. 

<em>Motorbike Anon</em>: I've done a bit of horse riding over a summer in college. Got to know two horses. One of them was a cantankerous pain in the ass and got moody and jealous very easily. The owner had a real bond with her though, and it felt quite meaningful. Anyway, I got to be a cowboy for a little while - still can't ride a motorbike though :( 

I'd take that coffee any day :P. 

<em>Reader</em>Readerfic: I have no idea what you're talking about OR do I? 

<em>Finbar</em>: No, Siofra is only 29 and is considered a kid, but there will be other Pixies. 

( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°) 

<em>Wankr</em>: Poor Blaze:( Everyone liked him get put down. But I did think Claudis was the best person to do it and drive some sense into him. And yes, Blaze's character is still evolving. He has a lot more challenges to face before the final culmination of this book. 

Finbar: Nope. No Siofra scenes in the foreseeable future. I intend her to be a non-sexual important character of sorts. 

I hope all you have had a great holiday. Happy new year to you all and here is a new chapter to start of 2019 Enjoy! 

oOo 

Chapter 12 

Starting in the third week of classes, the first years began a full schedule. This added either PE or combat training at the end of each weekday, except for the day they had Pegasi training. This did not pertain to Blaze as he was already attending the fourth-year combat training class. Though it did mean that he missed the PE classes. 

On the evening of Morndas, their combat training teacher Yulia approached the two friends. She seemed to have saved the two of them for the last. She had gone through each of the other fourth years of class 4f, correcting their forms, discussing their strengths and aims, and giving them general but helpful advice. 

"I left the two of you for last because I wanted to see you duel. I've taught the rest of the class in the previous academic year, so I am already aware of their general ability," she told them stolidly, her voice husky but not as low as Claudis.  

Siofra looked at him unsurely but Blaze nodded and smiled at her reassuringly. 

"If you don't have any issue with fighting each other, I'd like you to pick up your choice of equipment from the racks and head to the arena. You can use your own weapons if they are blunted and not energy based," Yulia continued. "I realize you are friends, but I can't judge you properly if you go easy on each other. Moreover, it is always helpful to understand each other's strengths," she emphasized, walking them to the racks. 

Siofra showed no hesitation in heading towards the rapiers. She tested a few before picking the narrowest of them, not even bothering with a shield. Agility was her primary strength and a shield would only get in the way. 

Blaze considered Siofra's weapon for a moment and picked up a rotella, a rounded shield good at deflecting thrusting attacks. He pictured Siofra flitting around him and showering him with thrusts as he considered his own choice of weapon. He decided to go with a rapier as well. <em>Block her thrust and counter it with a thrust.</em> 

Siofra questioningly raised brows at him but didn't voice her doubts. She pondered for a moment before she picked up a long twelve-inch dagger. 

"If you're both going to use rapiers, you need to wear the required headgear," Yulia interjected, bringing out a couple of meshed helmets. 

The two quickly donned them. They were heavy and uncomfortable, but it was better than losing an eye. Body reinforcement wasn't going to help against a rapier in the eye. 

Without much fuss, they manifested their wings and jumped into the arena. 

"You all can watch if you're interested," Yulia called out to the rest, noticing their curious glances. She knew that they were all eager to watch the righteous fury fight and almost immediately, everyone spread out around the arena trying to get the best view. "Winning is secondary. Just show me your best. You know the rules," she finished, addressing the duelers. 

"Have you ever used a rapier before?" Siofra couldn't help but ask. Rapiers were a niche weapon and from what she had seen in the fight against Priscilla, neither a shield nor a rapier seemed to fit his style. 

"I know the basics. Don't worry, I am not going easy on ya," Blaze grinned back. He didn't feel the need to hide or trick Siofra. A fair and exciting duel was all he wanted. 

Before she shot up into the air, she intoned the clichÃ© "I wouldn't have it otherwise," her butterfly wings beating so rapidly that they almost turned invisible. A translucent light reddish orange hue was all that could be seen. 

Blaze followed her, maintaining a fifty-foot distance, and raised his shield at the pixie. It dawned on him that his role had been reversed from the fight with Priscilla. 

"Begin!" he heard Yulia's shout and he dashed towards Siofra, with his shield raised and rapier hidden behind it. Defensive was just not his style. 

Siofra darted towards him as if she wanted to meet his attack head on. He thrust his rapier at her chest but before it even passed his shield arm, Siofra disappeared. Blaze's own speed and her quick sideward dart helping in creating the illusion.  

<em>Shit!</em> Feeling her on his left, he used his momentum to simply dive down and away from her, escaping her thrust by a mere inch or two. He glided low over the ground and quickly flew towards the edge of the arena. 

When he turned around, he found her rushing towards him and only had enough time to raise his shield and block her thrust. However, the rapier never made contact as Siofra flicked to his left and lunged her dagger at his gut. 

He barely managed to parry the attack with the bottom of his rapier and its guard, but as soon as he felt the clash, he pulled his shield to his chest and dove towards the pixie to smash her with it. 

She simply ducked down under his shield and drove her rapier at his chest. He just managed to block the rapier with his own. Her movements replicated that of a humming bird, able to quickly change directions in midair. 

Blaze was fast for his age, but he was nowhere as agile as Siofra and she tried her best to restrict his degrees of freedom to three; top, left and right. She had seen what he could do if he was given enough room to maneuver. 

By blocking her strike, his gut was left wide open for Siofra's dagger. She thrust it towards him but stopped right before it made contact. The blunted dagger would've been stopped by his body reinforcement, but she stopped as a matter of principle. 

"Stop!" Yulia cried from below. The students stared slack jawed in confusion. <em>Was the pixie that strong? Or had Priscilla grown weak over the decade?</em> 

"Take a minute and start over!" she shouted at the hovering duo. Even she was a little surprised by the pixie's strength. 

"Pegasi whiskers! Your movements are so damn strange. I thought you said you couldn't defeat Priscilla," Blaze complained at the pixie as they flew back to the center of the arena. 

"I can't. She is much more skilled at using a shield than you are. Your movements leave too much room for me to exploit," Siofra explained as she landed, carefully searching his face for anger or disappointment. 

"Good, good!" Blaze walked up to her and exaggeratedly patted her shoulder. "My sidekick needs to be at least this good. How else would I take over Azra El?" 

"Who's your sidekick?" Siofra couldn't help but laugh. Each time her guard went up, he managed to pull it down by his words or actions. 

"Ready for round 2?" he asked after a moment. 

"Yep!" 

"Min Yulia, can I switch weapons?" he called out to his teacher. 

"Yes. This isn't a challenge. I want to see all your capabilities," Yulia answered. 

Blaze dropped the shield and rapier and brought out a blunted glaive from his space ring. 

Despite its convenience, the space ring had a limited capacity and the only weapons he carried in it were his bat, a bow and some arrows, and a glaive. The glaive was his second-best melee weapon, at least according to Jie Er. He disliked using it, but he couldn't think of anything else to counter Siofra. 

She looked at him standing upright beside his glaive and couldn't help but notice the difference, "Were you not serious earlier?" she questioned unsurely. 

The glaive consisted of a twenty-inch crescent shaped primary blade, with two smaller horizontal blades jutting from the base of the head, which could catch objects if the main blade missed. It was connected to a six-foot wooden stave and Blaze posed a much more imposing figure than he had with the shield. 

"I really did think that the shield was my best option. The rapier was more of a coin toss. A flatter blade might've been better," he confessed sincerely. 

Siofra mused over her options for a moment. Fighting against the glaive would be harder yet simpler. All she needed to do was get inside its range and victory would be hers. But, getting inside would depend on Blaze's skill with the weapon. 

"Can I get that shield?" she finally asked, pointing at the rotella on the ground. 

Blaze picked it up and tossed it to her. She quickly replaced her dagger with the shield. "Let's go," she said without wasting any time. 

They simultaneously jumped into the air and once again soared to fifty feet. Blaze pointed the spear at her and invited her with his other hand. This was not a fight where he could use any of his flashy flying moves. Hardened wings and power charges would only work against his favor. He needed to be quick with his arms but stable in his flight. 

His hardened wings made him heavy and though they were useful when he garnered momentum, he didn't think he would be able to deflect Siofra's quick and agile thrusts while trying to simultaneously use them to fly. 

"Uh uh," Siofra shook her head coyly, but before he could laugh at her, she dashed at him. 

Blaze thrust his glaive with a mighty grunt, using nothing but the muscles of his arms. It was simple, straight, sharp and spartan like. The pixie only had a tenth of a second to dodge, and dodge she did, to her right by the breadth of a hair. 

As the tip of the glaive skimmed past the hem of her top, she tried to close in on her opponent. But the glaive changed directions as quickly as she could, if not faster, turning into a wide sweeping slash that was almost unavoidable. 

She barely managed to block the sweeping blade by the guard of her rapier as Blaze scooped her up and swung her away with all his strength, using his wings to provide the counter force required to keep him stable. Throwing a flying angel was much easier than throwing an angel standing on the ground. 

The pixie went careening away from him and if not for her butterfly wings allowing her to quickly regain stability, Blaze would've charged in and ended her rightly. 

"Why didn't you use this in the first place?" she griped as she tried to regain her sense of balance. 

"How would I know that this stupid thing would work so well? I've always hated it. It's too freaking heavy and cumbersome," Blaze retorted, giving Siofra time to steady herself. Hastily rushing in when he had the upper hand didn't seem like the best idea with the cunning pixie. This was in fact a wise move as only half of the pixie's apparent disorientation was real. 

"You mean to say that this is not your best weapon?" she asked, realizing the meaning behind his words. 

"I don't have a best weapon. If anything, it's my bat," he responded. 

"Seriously? The bat?" 

"What can I say? I like whacking things," he shrugged. <em>Didn't I say this before?</em> 

Siofra shook her head at him. Her new friend was as quirky as he was anything else. 

"Are you coming?" Blaze jibed at her and she obliged. They weren't going to get anywhere by just hovering in their place. 

Blaze thrust his glaive again and this time, she dodged to his left, testing his other arm. It was just as strong. However, her forward movement was a feint and she fluttered backwards, avoiding the swing as it went wide. She tried to close in once more and found the glaive sweeping back at her. She flapped backwards and rapidly put some distance between them. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"How can you swing it like that?" she asked with exasperation. 

"How can you fly like that?" he returned. 

The two of them were starting to have fun and they had long forgotten their audience. Blaze's fight with Priscilla had been exhilarating, but he had been too angry to enjoy it. With Siofra, it was pure fun. He didn't care about winning and the only thing that mattered was that he had finally found someone who could keep up with him. Elyssa didn't count as she was stronger, older and had a lot more combat experience. 

Siofra paused a moment to muse over her next move but Blaze decided to not give her the chance. He rushed forward and slashed the glaive diagonally at her head. 

"aeeee," she yelped as she hastily dodged back in surprise. 

"Oi! Let me think," she complained, but the downward slash suddenly turned into a thrust at her neck. 

She raised her shield and deflected the glaive upwards, but the side blade caught the edge of the shield and threw her hand backwards. Blaze yanked his glaive back, hoping to catch her shoulder with the side blade. But Siofra's reflexes were quick enough to once again catch it with her shield's edge. 

The force sent her and her shield rolling forward, the weightless and low friction in air allowing for easy movement. She curled up into a ball, rolled once, and stretched out just in time to thrust her rapier towards Blaze; almost like super girl flying with a rapier in her hand. 

Blaze only had a moment to push up his grip on the glaive's shaft and used the lower end of his glaive to deflect the rapier upwards. 

With her rapier deflected, Siofra pushed her shield towards his face, trying to rattle him. But Blaze's instinct had kicked in and he had already flapped his wings to fly upwards. He met the shield with his foot and managed to push her away. He tried to follow it up with a sweep of his glaive, but Siofra recovered quicker than he could anticipate, flitting away from the blade of the weapon. 

Grinning at her opponent, she rushed in again to try her luck, bidding her agility against his ingenuity, as that was the only thing that could stop her attacks. 

Soon, Siofra was flitting around him like an electron around a nucleus, constantly probing him with random attacks from all directions. Blaze kept managing to hold her off, but each time he tried to counter, Siofra darted out of his reach. It really annoyed him, but it annoyed her too. 

Class 4f watched the duel in wonder. Blaze's strength was apparent in the speed of his swings and the steadiness of his flight, but what amazed them the most was the way the pixie moved. <em>Were all pixie's like that?</em> They couldn't even imagine how they would defend against her. One counter was all she required to defeat most of them. 

Slowly, however, Siofra started feeling the dip in her energy reserves. The rapid beat of pixie wings consumed more energy than that of angels. It was one of the reasons why they couldn't show their true potential in wars. Angels and demons could simply keep them at range with their superior soaring speeds and lower energy consumption. 

<em>But the pixies are very dangerous over short distances, very dangerous,</em> Blaze thought as he imagined Siofra with a bushy red beard and moustache covering her face instead of bushy red hair covering her head. He had to quickly shake his head to get rid of that image and it caused a lapse in concentration, which didn't go unnoticed by the pixie. 

Realizing that she needed to quickly end the match, she decided to risk it all in her next attack. What she failed to notice was that swinging a heavy glaive was no walk in the park for Blaze either. His hands were already starting to feel heavy, and each swing and thrust was a tiny bit slower than the last. And when she decided to end the match, it was a blessing in disguise for him. 

She shot towards him like usual and he tried to ward her off with a wide sweep. She darted upwards, almost in a ninety-degree angle, to avoid the sweep and taking a leaf out of Blaze's book, she coiled her arm and chucked the shield at his face. She could always retrieve it from the ground, later. 

Despite being his own move, Blaze was nonetheless surprised by it and instinctually raised a hand to stop it. This meant that he couldn't immediately use his glaive and that moment was all Siofra required to close in. 

Anticipating victory, she dashed at him with her rapier. However, to her surprise, he let go of his glaive, which plummeted to the ground, and caught the shield with both hands. Holding it in front of him, he rushed forwards to meet her. 

She tried to thrust her rapier into his face, but he deflected it with his shield, while continuing to move in on her. The pixie tried to get away but her downward speed was too high for any drastic change in angle. Blaze let go of his shield and blitzed into her, catching her in his arms and wrapping her in a bear hug. 

"You lose," he said flippantly, even planting a provocative kiss on her forehead. Siofra tried to struggle free and stab him with the rapier, but his grip was too strong and left her arm no room to move the sword. She almost felt that he could crush her to death if he wanted to. 

"That was so erratic," Siofra whined from his bosom. Despite her complaint, she felt wonderful. Neither had known who would win until the last moment. A mistake on either side would've completely changed the result. Blaze won this time, but the result may not be the same the next fight, which added to the excitement. 

"That's enough for today. You can come down now," Yulia called out to them. Not letting go of the pixie in his arms, Blaze gently descended before their teacher. The girl and her hair were too cuddly to let go. 

"Miss Blaze, Miss Siofra, the two of you are very talented," Yulia started with a contemplative look. 

"Just Blaze or Blaze Er, please," Blaze interjected, finally letting Siofra out of his grasp However, the pixie seemed content in his hands. 

She nodded. 

"Blaze, can I ask you if you are trying to diversify your weapons instead of specializing in one?" she asked him thoughtfully. Her assumption based on the analysis of their duel and the little she heard about his fight with Priscilla. 

"Yes. My aunt thinks that it's the best way to counter angels with more practice than I have," Blaze answered. 

"I understand. It's a good idea, but keep in mind that specialization is better in the long term. I've also noticed a couple of issues with the way you fight. Can you guess one?" Yulia asked candidly. 

"ummm. My choice of weapons against her?" he made the obvious guess. In hindsight, picking a rapier against her seemed quite stupid. 

"No. You will learn that with experience. However, there's a more immediate issue you need to address. You're reckless, although not completely. Acting on instincts is important in any fight, but you place too much trust on them, putting yourself in unnecessary danger. Your method may work more than it fails, but in a real battle one mistake is enough to kill you. We don't want our righteous fury to succumb to her own recklessness, do we? You need to develop temperance in your battles," she told him, softening her words. 

"The second one?" Blaze asked dryly. The teacher had just put down his entire fighting style and he couldn't help but feel a little irritated. However, he realized that she was probably right. All his previous experience had been through non-fatal fights. 

"There is a serious issue with your movements while swinging your weapons. It seems like you're used to fighting on the ground and you're using the same movements in air. This is what I intend to make you work on in the foreseeable future," she finished, with an awkward little pat on his shoulder. It seemed like interacting with students wasn't her strong suit. 

Blaze sighed and nodded in acceptance. She was spot on. 

"And you, Miss Siofra," Yulia said, turning her attention to the pixie. "Do you know your weakness? 

"My lack of physical strength?" Siofra instantly offered. 

"Yes. But it doesn't have to be. You are more than agile enough to make up for your physical strength. It will matter even less when your manifested weapons become stronger than material weapons. I anticipate you will at least attain the power of an archangel in your lifetime. 

"However, you focus too much on landing a weak hit and getting out of reach. You fear a prolonged exchange and even dodge when a parry is more suitable. You will need to learn how and when to tangle with an opponent and when to make it a feint and back out. 

"In this regard, I believe you two are the perfect sparring partners for each other. You can teach Miss Blaze a thing or two about patience, while learning from her instinctual ability of knowing when to attack or defend. You two may have other issues as well, but we will discuss them later. For now, I want you to think about how you could've fought better. Continue the exercises for the rest of the class." 

The duo returned to their dorms satisfied and reflective over their spar. Blaze finally found the true purpose in him attending the academy. Jie Er was an amazing teacher but nothing could replace learning through hands on practice. Jie Er and Rebecca were too strong to have meaningful fights with him. 

With his mind going over the fight, he had trouble falling asleep and woke up late the next morning. Thus, he didn't have enough time to visit the stables. At least, that's what he told himself. 

oOo 

When Blaze and Siofra returned to his dorm on Tirdas evening, they immediately noticed a sense of gloom that pervaded the living room. It was in stark contrast to their own moods. 

Yulia had given all her students a personalized training sheet, which though rigorous, filled each of them with anticipation of becoming stronger. His training mostly focused on relearning arm and leg movements while airborne, while Siofra's mainly focused on spars and shadow fighting. 

"What happened?" Blaze asked the trio of Aahna, Bi and Rachel. 

"We had our first combat training class," Rachel replied glumly. 

"And?" 

"We train together with class 1B and our teacher made us spar against them. We had ten bouts and we lost, badly. Only Bi and Kida won their matches. Everyone else, including me, lost," Aahna answered, shaking her head in disappointment. 

"How? And Rach lost?" he asked her as Rachel looked away. Aahna didn't seem like a fighter, but Rachel was another story. 

"She fought against one of the strongest in their class. She also just happened to be her counter. Every one of us who went first was countered. It was almost as if they knew our strengths," Aahna replied, looking at a group of seven angels whom Blaze had noticed during Siofra's first introduction into their dorm. 

Siofra lowered her head guiltily and Aahna immediately responded. "It's not your fault Siofra. They betrayed us, not you," she said vehemently, as Blaze patted Siofra's shoulder. 

"You think they gave them information? Why?" he asked, though he had an inclination. 

"All their mothers are in the Malakim. I don't think they like us getting chummy with Siofra. Despite having a couple of strong angels amongst them, they didn't even participate in the bouts," Aahna explained angrily. 

Blaze sighed. He couldn't really intervene, but he had to uphold his role as their leader. "It's alright guys!" he raised his voice for the rest of the room to hear; "It was only a friendly spar and you were also countered. What you learn over the year matters the most. 

"I am sure you guys will kick their pretty little butts in the end of the year test. I will help you all in making sure it happens," he finished, glancing at the Malakim group. 

He couldn't fight alongside his minions, but maybe he could help them grow stronger. 

oOo 

"Today, we shall talk about the demographics of Azra El and the Heavenly Union. Please take notes as some of the information is constantly changing," their geography teacher began, drawing Blaze's attention. She was a lanky older brunette named Circadia Clime. She wore a pair of thin rimmed glasses and a comfortable pony tail that hung high on her head. 

"Can anyone tell me the population of the Heavenly Union?" she asked in a bland voice. Though Blaze felt that she was very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, she was usually a boring teacher and always seemed to have a faraway look. 

"42 million!" Aahna voice echoed almost instantaneously as her mouth shot off before her hand went up. 

"Correct. That is the accurate figure from the census data published in Lucius Era 580. It includes the sum total of the angels, pixies, fairies, sylphs, nymphs, Kami, and other minor populations of beings with pure energy. The population of Aranya was counted to be around 3.6 million. Though the census data can be considered a bit old, the population growth rate of Heavenly Union has stagnated, and we can safely assume not to see any massive diff-" 

"What is the population of the Hela Empire, Mon Clime?" Blaze interjected her. Despite her lean and almost ageless look, the teacher was around three hundred years old. 

"Patience Miss Blaze. I know you like to get ahead in the subject matter, but you need to let me finish everything I need to convey in today's lecture. We will get to your question, eventually," Circadia replied with an unchanging expression. Only her words showed any indication of annoyance. 

A round of chuckles went around the class. Blaze was unsure whether they were laughing at him interjecting the monotonous teacher, or at him being told off. 

The next half hour dragged on as their teacher droned on about the peoples of the Heavenly Union; listing statistics and bland information that most of them wouldn't remember after the class. 

Blaze felt Rachel's head fall on his shoulder at some point during the lecture and a light snore escaped her lips. She wasn't the only one to have fallen asleep. 

The class was immediately after lunch and Circadia's intonation combined with the comfortable warmth of the classroom did not help in keeping the students awake. 

Those that weren't asleep seemed to be lost in thought or were barely paying attention, jotting down seemingly important information based on the almost imperceptible changes in Circadia's voice. Aahna was the only one who seemed immersed in the lecture. 

"Coming to your earlier question, Miss Blaze. The population of the Hela empire is very interesting," Circadia said, her voice suddenly gaining a slight pitch. She looked at him, but he couldn't tell if she noticed Rachel napping on his shoulder. Perhaps she simply didn't care. 

Blaze perked up and Rachel stirred on his shoulder without waking up. 

"Before the rise of Hela, estimates of the demon population never crossed ten million. The current population of the Hela empire is estimated to be around 25-28 million. This includes the demons, siren, huldra, yaksha, and the pixies of the western Mesa basin. It means that the population of the demons has more than doubled since the war, while the Heavenly Union's has remained the same. What do you think is the significance of this fact, Ms. Blaze?" she suddenly asked him. 

Blaze couldn't remember another instance when Circadia had singled out a student for her questions. 

"umm... that they are more likely to invade our lands?" he offered back. 

"And why is that?" 

"Because they will need more resources?" 

"Only partially. While it is true that the demons before the war had a stark scarcity in resources, the land they now possess can easily sustain three times their current population, if not more. The increase in population will increase the likelihood of another large-scale war for territory and there are multiple reasons for why this is so. 

"I want you to think over the reasons and write me an essay on the motivations for, and potential consequences of such a war. I expect it by next Morndas," Circadia replied expressionlessly, looking straight at him. 

"Just me?" 

"Yes." she answered without beating an eye. Blaze couldn't tell if it was meant to be a punishment for interrupting her or her way of appreciating his inquisitiveness. However, there was a definite glint in her eye. 

The class continued for another fifteen minutes as she explained the various reasons behind the demons' seemingly sudden growth in population. The end of the session bell woke the students out of their stupor. 

"Please share your notes with your more somnolent classmates," Circadia announced before leaving the class. A dozy eyed Rachel lazily got up from Blaze's shoulder and looked hopefully at Aahna and Bi. 

Blaze never took notes. <em>Notes were for plebs.</em> 

oOo 

Blaze went to meet Siofra after their lectures the next day. He had once again avoided going to the stables that morning. He wanted to make amends with Claudis, but he wasn't sure how. 

Siofra finally didn't strike the solitary figure that he had become accustomed to. Though she didn't seem chummy with anyone in particular, her classmates were sitting around her as if she was just another angel. 

"Hello, Blazing Fury," a brunette angel on her right greeted him and scooted aside to give him room. 

He raised a curious eyebrow at her and she just smiled at him before continuing her conversation with her friend. 

"Blazing Fury?" he questioned Siofra, sitting down beside her. 

"That's your new epithet. Someone mentioned yesterday that your wings look like a white-hot flame and your name is Blaze. Since then they've been calling you the Blazing Fury. I think I like it," Siofra answered. 

"More like Breastless Fury!" he heard a voice proclaim from the table to their right. Priscilla and her entourage were sitting close by, and Blaze couldn't figure out why they chose to sit there. Most likely, it was just to make that comment. He once more looked to Siofra for an explanation. 

"She's been spreading a rumor that you are an unnatural. Something about how you have a bigger room and that you don't appear in the common showers. Since the only thing that's strikingly different about your body is the lack of breasts... you know..." Siofra murmured, waving her hands and rolling her eyes. 

"THANK YOU!" Blaze shouted back to Priscilla. 

"It's an insult, idiot," one of Priscilla's minions replied in her stead. Probably the same one to call him breastless. 

"Not to me. I think big breasts can get in the way while fighting. If that is the best insult you can throw at me, I will gladly take it as a compliment," Blaze retorted back, silencing the girl and making the rest of them fume. The other angels who heard their conversation began to laugh. 

Priscilla maintained her holier than thou expression but she internally cursed. Blaze's nonchalance meant that his breasts weren't really the issue. 

"You know... You are a little flat," Siofra said softly, poking him in the chest. She propped up her shoulders, seemingly proud of her own assets. Though lackluster, she was thought she was definitely better than Blaze in that department. 

"Hey! That's sexual harassment!" Blaze exclaimed in mock anger. 

"Section what?" 

"Never mind," he brushed it off, snickering at his own ridiculous joke. "But you know, there are plenty of first years with flat chests. Why would she pick that of all things?" Blaze voiced his doubt pensively. <em>There was definitely someone who was leaking information from the dorm.</em> 

"I think she is just grasping for krila. Do you really think that breasts get in the way? Don't they say they help as pivoting weights while flying?" she asked interestedly. Krila were a type of floating river weed. 

"I've no idea. I've never had them" he replied seriously, stirring a giggle from her and the girl beside him. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
oOo 

"Siof, I want to visit my history teacher for a bit. Feel free to head to my dorm by yourself. I am sure you don't need me around anymore," Blaze told her after their class. 

He had been ogling Seshat throughout her class that morning. Two whole days without sex was not good for his health. It had also been more than a week since he had done it with her and he felt it was his duty to give her the chance to experience it once more. 

"No, I need to hang out with my own classmates sometimes, especially since they've been treating me better than class 4a." 

Blaze wasn't sure if she was uncomfortable going to his dorm on her own, but he didn't question her. He bade her goodbye and made his way to Seshat's house. 

"Hey, teach!" he greeted cheerfully as she opened her door at his knock. She was wrapped up in a white towel. A golden choker necklace of thin golden chains hung from her neck and reached under the towel that hung from her voluptuous breasts. The towel barely reached below her groin and Blaze had to control his urge to pull it off. 

"Miss Blaze! What are you doing here?" she asked in surprise. 

"Just wanted to spend a little time with my favorite teacher. Maybe have some dinner?" he replied merrily. 

"Miss Blaze... I can't... The headmi-" Seshat started but Blaze immediately cut her off. 

"<em>Seshat can't give you extra lessons but nothing is stopping you from having a conversation over a meal.</em> Those were the headmistress' own words," Blaze said in a mock imitation of Fiora's voice. 

Seshat gave him an appraising look before she sighed and stepped aside with a defeated smile, inviting him in. 

"I was just getting ready to get into my bath; would you care to join? Or just ... chat while I soak?" Seshat asked him, trying to sound casual, but he thought he saw a twinkle in her eyes. 

"I love baths. We have a hot spring pool at our cottage back in Varan," Blaze replied excitedly. 

"How lovely!" she replied, leading him through her kitchen and the backdoor. 

The backyard was a small open area, surrounded by a thick wall of spruce trees, shrubs and foliage, making it nigh invisible for anyone who wasn't flying directly overhead. The sun had already set, and the yard was illuminated by the silvery light of the lamp posts. 

In the middle of the yard, surrounded by grass, lay a small, round stony pool, six feet in diameter and filled with heated water. A granite pavement that split into three different branches led to the pool, a lounging chair and table, and a small herb garden to the left. 

Blaze watched as Seshat sensuously walked to the pool. Though the towel did no justice to her form and swaying hips, her naked legs and their cat like grace made up more than enough for it. 

When she reached the pool, she undid her towel and let it fall to the ground. It gently slid down her smooth body, bounced over her springy and hilly butt, and fell behind her feet, revealing her naked back and almost naked butt. 

A golden g-string and the two golden chains that hung from it, lining her butt creases, were all she had to cover her honey brown skin. The g-string disappeared deep into her butt crack and another golden chain wrapped around the narrow part of her waist but was mostly covered by her lush and flowing midnight black hair. Her attire was almost that of an exotic dancer, whose 'clothes' could be brushed away in a mere moment. 

She put her hands underneath her hair and threw it up in a flurry, letting it descend in a graceful cascade. However, she quickly bunched up her hair and rolled it into a top bun, as Blaze watched her elegantly arching back, the dimples in her shoulders and the rest of her tremendously curvaceous body. 

She turned around to see what was taking him so long and revealed the treasures at her front. The necklace of golden chains hung low on her chest and thin chains of gold descended around her plump breasts and around her back, to barely cover her brown nipples. Her pale brown areolae were almost entirely out in the open. Her breasts heaved and bounced as she styled her hair, almost begging for his face to be buried between them. 

Her thong, hanging low on her hips, consisted of thin golden chains. A pearl beaded chain travelled along her slit and was hidden by a flimsy curtain of thin string like hangings of gold. 

"You like my jewelry?" she coquettishly smiled at him, noticing his starstruck gaze. 

Blaze nodded vigorously. "Why are you wearing those?" he questioned as an afterthought. He couldn't figure out the point of wearing those to a bath. 

"My ancestors were from the south. I've inherited these from them. They are our traditional bathing attire. I just wear them to continue the tradition," she explained. "Are you coming?" she asked, turning around to get into the water. Her voice had a strangely seductive lull to it. 

"Wait," he shouted as he skipped towards her. She once again turned around, and it was a miracle how the chains covering her nipples weren't displaced off the pearls they were hiding. 

"I want to check your jewelry out," he proclaimed when he reached her. 

"If you like them so much, I could lend them to you, as long as you promise to return them safely," Seshat propped up her shoulders to display her assets. 

"Naw, I prefer to look, and they match your skin perfectly," Blaze replied honestly. He leaned in towards her breasts and tried moving the left chain off her nipple. It shifted easily, revealing a small but bulbous brown bud. Apparently, it was just the grace in Seshat's movements that had kept the chains in place. 

Blaze resisted the urge to succumb to her breasts and knelt to examine her golden g-string. Using his index finger, he gingerly shifted the curtain of gold to reveal a string of bead sized shiny pearls running along her slit, completely hiding it. They started right below her nub which crowned the pearls, just as it ought to. 

Holding the curtain aside, he ran another finger along the pearls, flicking her nub at the end. Seshat hissed as a spark of electricity ran from nub to her head. The pressure of his finger made the beads sink a little into her slit, parting her groin into two beautifully nude lips. 

Blaze felt his member bursting in his boyshorts. 

Subconsciously licking his lips, he shuffled around to her back to stare at her plump butt. Though her butt cheeks were toned, they were soft and bouncy. Her butt creases were two clear and perfect arcs, and the golden chains that ran along their lines accentuated them and her tight protruding butt. 

He ran his fingers along the gold before spreading his palms over her cool butt cheeks, digging his thumbs in between her thighs. He squeezed her butt, fully feeling its texture and the heat it suddenly started emanating. 

"Can you lean on your knees?" he panted, as he had his way with her butt. 

Seshat was not stupid, and she knew what was happening with Blaze. He was excited just like he had been during the first time they had the performed the act he called <em>sex</em>, and she was excited too. Though she didn't think that her bathing attire would spark the start of the process, she had been expecting it to happen. She wanted it to happen, recalling how her ass and vagina had been penetrated by the organ between his legs. And how she had lost the chance to taste him. 

So, she leaned her hands on her knees, pushed back her butt and arched her lower spine. 

Her butt cheeks spread apart to reveal what was hidden in her crack. The pearls ran along her perineum and ended over her puckered hole. The last pearl was extra-large, just enough to cover the anus. 

Blaze placed his thumb on the anal pearl and impulsively pushed in. 

"Mmh" Seshat groaned as her puckered mouth opened up and slowly swallowed the pearl whole. 

Blaze leaned in and planted a quick kiss between her butt cheeks before he got up. 

"Bath?" he cheekily grinned at his teacher. He had plans for a long and pleasure filled night. There was no need to rush things. 

Seshat smiled back and stood up, making no attempt to pull the bead out of her hole. It felt oddly good in its spot, feeling a slight pressure against at her walls as she stood. She took Blaze's hand and the two of them slowly stepped into the steamy waters. The silvery glow of the garden lights cast a surreal and fantastical light on them and their surroundings. 

Blaze made no pretense of being shy as he immediately scooted against her in the water and got under her right arm. Though Seshat wasn't the tallest of angels, she was still over a foot taller than Blaze. 

Seshat gave up on her reservations and drew him close as he leaned his head against her chin. Though she didn't like to show favoritism among her students, it was becoming hard to deny the fact that Blaze meant more to her than any other student in her classes. They soaked in silence for a few minutes in the soft comfort of each other's bodies and the pleasant warmth of the water. 

"Hey teach? I don't understand something," Blaze began as he slowly snaked a hand to her breasts. His fingers sneaked under the golden chains and into the softness of her flesh. 

"What about?" 

"Why do all the angels of the Malakim seem to despise the pixies? It wasn't like all the pixies were in cahoots with the demons. Didn't princess Aleaya Glitterdust pretty much prove that with her righteous fury? Moreover, I haven't heard of the Malakim society ever openly denounce the pixies," he asked, continuing to play with her breast. 

Seshat simply let him do what he wanted. For some reason, his touch was more pleasurable than any other's. A simple caress from his hands at the right spot made a comfortable heat rise in the pit of her stomach and spread throughout her body. 

"They are a political scapegoat, Blaze. And a convenient tool to divert people's attention. The Malakim are simply better at utilizing it, and they don't even have to be overt in doing it. They have their <em>tainted</em> spread the ideas that their leaders are too <em>pure</em> to espouse. 

"If one carefully considers it, the pixies can only be faulted for their negligence, but the same goes for most of the angel societies during that time. Especially the Malakim and the Seraphim, who were busy fighting for the ownership of the Banner while the demons were wiping out the fairies. 

"Even before the demons took over the Mesa basin there were signs of a demon invasion. Why don't the societies blame themselves for not paying attention to them? The pixies are just easier to blame as they've always been a little different..." Seshat replied fervently. 

However, her voice and her fervor fizzled out towards the end. Perhaps in realization that she couldn't be partial as a teacher. 

"I thought the Banner has been held by an Erelim, since almost the beginning of the war?" he wondered, switching his attentions to her other breast. 

"Yes. Deity Michelle, an angel from a simple background, showed impeccable courage and sacrifice in the battle at the Tarain Canyon. Her actions allowed for the safe passage of five thousand Xian angels. She was immediately put forward as a Banner candidate by the Erelim and she easily proved to be the better of the other candidates. 

"It was all in good time too. Xian and Aranya would be in the demons' hands if it had taken any longer for the Banner to be wielded," she answered breathily. 

Blaze's slow and repetitive ministrations had managed to arouse her, and she felt a deep and growing desire for his penis. Its engorged shape was clearly visible under the water and she couldn't help but reach for it from under his arm. 

When he felt her fingers wrap around his member, he looked up at her with a smile and planted a quick peck on her jaw. 

He contemplated on her words as her fingers caressed up and down his length, feeling his hardness and his texture. "It still doesn't make sense. It's not just the Malakim, even others seem like they'd have nothing do with a pixie. 

"Don't angels consider compassion as one of the greater virtues? Why can't they show it towards the pixies? It's not like they pose any threat, now," he finally asked her. 

The way some of the students looked at Siofra affected him deeply. It was easy to empathize with her, but what bothered him the most was the hypocrisy of it all. 

Seshat's fingers traveled down to his balls and she felt their shape, lightly turning them around and gently pressing them. 

"It's not so easy to show compassion once you start considering someone an outsider, little Blaze. Consider your own incident with Miss Priscilla. I am making certain assumptions, but I think it is a good example. I don't need to commend you for taking a stand for Miss Siofra, the world energy itself approved of it. 

"You were able to show compassion to Miss Siofra even though you didn't know much about her, but tell me, where was your compassion when you punched Ms. Priscilla in anger? At that moment, she was probably the outsider in your mind, as she was the antithesis to something you believed in. 

"I am not berating you for what you did. You simply acted in a way you thought was right. There is nothing wrong with that. But did you pause to consider that Priscilla may also be doing what she thought was right? Her actions may be out of spite, but she has lived all her life as a Malakim. 

"She might not have had any input that would make her see the pixies as anything else but those that willingly betrayed the angels. I don't think your actions have done anything to change her opinion. It may have only exacerbated her pre-conceived notions," Seshat said thoughtfully. 

Her hand on his member had come to rest as she became lost in her thought. 

"But you can't show compassion to everyone, can you? Some will only take advantage of it," Blaze questioned, placing his hand over hers and encouraging it to restart its motions. 

"That's where judgment comes in, little one. I am only a history teacher and have no practical experience in such matters. But I do believe that everyone deserves a chance. As you said, we are angels and we need to display the virtues which we so extol, regardless of the recipient. If we aren't willing to do so, we aren't any different from the demons. 

"It is easier to appear and be virtuous when you are living comfortably. But how many of us would behave like angels, if we were brought up in the demon society? It's a question I have always wondered about," Seshat replied softly, as she started pumping his dick with more vigor. 

Blaze's hand on her breast began to travel down her stomach and to her groin, and her grip around his prick tightened in anticipation as he brushed aside the golden curtain and ran a finger along her pearls, flicking the pearl of skin at the top.  

Her body shivered, and he felt it through his skin. 

Pushing his intellectual part of his brain to the back, he cupped her groin and caressed it to and fro, slowly pushing in the pearls, which were silently engulfed by her lips. He lined the edges of her lips with his middle finger and felt a slickness that wasn't water. 

As the heat in her body rose, Seshat started furiously pumping her hand over his shaft hot rod. She was inexperienced, but she tried to match her movements with how Blaze had pumped into her cunt the previous time. 

Breathing heavily against her warm moist neck, Blaze kissed her on the side of her pretty chin and drew a wet tongue along her jaw line and all the way to her ear. He planted a wet kiss on her small ear and started sucking on her earlobe as he played with the pearls of her g-string. 

His finger reached into the crevice of her butt crack and pushed the anal bead deeper. The action popped the pearl string out of her slit. 

"Aagh," Seshat let out a pleasure filled groan. Of all the angels, she most clearly enjoyed her tight anus being played with. 

Blaze couldn't help repeating the process as Seshat's light groans accompanied the chirping of crickets, and the whistles of cool night air that forced its way through the trees. 

Suddenly, Seshat pushed his hand aside, and holding his shoulders, she climbed onto his thighs. The action was a surprise to both, and from her glazed lustful eyes, Blaze could tell that it had been impulsive. 

She looked at him with confused eyes, unsure about what to do next. His teasing fingers had made her rush onto him. She could feel his hot member pressed against her stomach and the emptiness in her groin craved for it. But the pearls were blocking the way and her mind was in too much of a lust filled haze to simply push them aside. 

So, she looked into his emerald green eyes, which always seemed to have a spark about them, searching for guidance. His gaze simply drew her onto his lips like Blaze onto an angel's breasts. 

As soon as their lips met, she fell on him, holding his head between her hands and kissing him with abandon. Though she had to arch her back and lower her head, her heavy breasts still managed to press into his chest as Blaze drew her close, tightly grabbing on to her big bouncy butt cheeks. His fingers dug into her flesh and in between her butt crack, fully feeling her elastic butt as he squeezed and caressed them. 

Lost in the rising passion, Seshat pushed her hips firmly into his groin and needily shoved her tongue into his mouth, devouring his lips with hers. Her body surged above him, either pushing against his groin, or her voluptuous ass pushing back into his hands. The cold hard gold of her g-string pressed uncomfortably into his member, but he didn't mind. 

He held her tightly and sucked on her succulent tongue and soft fleshy lips, relishing her fig like flavor. Her tongue stiffened in arousal as she pushed it into his mouth and his lips slid over her slick warm organ, trying to grasp it between his lips. But she quickly pulled it back, as his lips instead collapsed on her luscious lips and tasted them instead. She flicked her tongue over his lips and invited him in. 

As they kissed, Blaze's fingers traveled down to her anus and holding the chain of her thong, he pulled out the bead that was lodged deep inside her hole. 

"Aaagh," Seshat moaned as her eyes flew wide open and her lips parted from his. A string of saliva trailed between them and Blaze immediately dove for her once again stiffened and slightly protruding tongue, while simultaneously pushing the bead back into her butt hole. 

Her back arched over him as her breasts and nipples traveled over his chest, as she relished in the sensation of grinding against him while he toyed with her ass. The feeling of her soft breasts running over him making him tremble slightly. He held the chain with two fingers and used his index to deftly push the bead in and out of her ass, as Seshat tried to control herself from grinding her groin too forcefully into his. She realized that the gold could hurt. Her groin rubbed against his cock, as the beads inside her massaged her walls, and her anus stretched as he fucked it with the beads. 

"Mmh yes... play with the bead more," she sighed softly but unashamedly. 

Suddenly, Blaze pulled on her g-string and the beads inside her slit popped out and slid over her cunt. Seshat shuddered and Blaze felt the warm waters thicken with her release. 

Feeling a unique hunger for her, he grasped her butt with his hands and lifted her out of the water. Seshat wrapped her arms around his head in surprise and her soft breasts cushioned into his face as he gently placed her on the bank. 

He looked into her eyes with a passionate gaze and slowly went down on her, parting her knees with his hands. He looked into her dark green eyes with a passionate gaze, as she met him with a look of utter want and sultry need. Slowly, painstakingly slowly, he made his way down her body, grazing over her skin that shivered in delight, as he approached her slickly wet womanhood. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Parting her knees, he brushed aside the curtain of gold and found the beads shining and glazed in her arousal, her utter desire and need for him boiling to the surface and the panting of her breath. Pushing them aside, he took his mouth to her slim pink slit that posed a stark contrast to her light brown skin. 

He tasted her with a long firm lick along her crevice and immediately cupped her with his mouth. Nimbly penetrating her with his tongue, he started lapping her tasty fluids while simultaneously trying to titillate her nub with his finger. The curtain of gold kept brushing against his nose as Seshat's hips flowed under his ministrations. 

Yet, just as he started getting into the cunningulus, he found himself being pulled out of the water by Seshat's warm eager hands under his arms. She set him beside herself and without any warning she mounted him over his thighs. 

Blaze tried to get up, trying to reach for her breasts, but she pushed him down by his chest. 

He curiously gazed into her eyes and found an intensity that he would have not thought possible for his usually gentle teacher. Her chest heaved, and her large heavy breasts jiggled as she sat on him, musing over her own actions. 

Blaze's smile and his pulsing prick, standing tall in front of her groin, answered her doubts. She leaned in and planted a quick wet kiss on his lips before she rose up on her knees, straddling him around his thighs. 

She felt an intense want and she didn't care for his slow build up anymore. She wanted to take control. 

She brushed her string of pearls aside and positioned her butt over his member. She took his prick in her hand and brushed the tip along her lower lips, unconsciously lubricating it. His member elongated over his skin and lightly parted her. 

She gazed into his eyes and went down on him, spearing herself with the thick hot rod. 

"Aaah" "Ugh" the two angels groaned in pleasure. Blaze instinctively tried to get up, trying to wrap his arms around her, but her hands and weight held him down. 

Surrendering himself in the warmth and the tightness of her wet folds, he instead crept his hands along her thighs and over her hips. 

Seeing her own lust reflected in her students' eyes, Seshat slowly raised her hips, dragging her clenching lips along his length. Blaze controlled his urge to push his hips up and remained still as she rose up all the way to his head. 

Slowly and teasingly, she rotated her hips and just when she felt his member pulse in desire for her, she went down on him with a cry of pleasure. 

"Mugh," he let out another uncontrollable grunt. He'd always thought that it would be Claudis who rode him at some point. Seshat doing it out of her own volition was too much for his simple lust filled brain. He gripped her hips and couldn't help but give her a pleading look for more. 

The look drove her nuts as she leaned in on her hands, putting her weight on Blaze, and started riding him. 

It started off slowly and heavily. <em>Thump... Thump.</em> Each penetration sending waves of pleasure across each other's bodies as Seshat's walls clenched and constricted around his pulsing dick with each entry. 

But soon, her relentless desire made her increase her speed as she switched her hands from his chest to his shoulders, as she rode him as fast as she could; her insides unable to keep up with speed anymore. Instead, they released more and more fluid to allow for quicker and faster entry, as she furiously fucked him, her large breasts swaying delectably. 

Blaze felt and heard her squelching wetness each time she contacted his balls and groin. The curtain of gold chains caressed him every time she went down, giving him a unique additional stimulation. 

"Lay on me!" he plead with needy eyes, craving for more of her skin. 

Seshat couldn't help but oblige. She undid her necklace, placed it aside and leaned forward. Blaze immediately wrapped his arms around her waist and drew her in, smothering himself in her tremendous breasts. 

Wrapping her arms around his head, she lay the weight of her breasts on his face as she started grinding into his groin. His hands travelled down her spine and tried to reach for the bead in her anus, but it proved to be just out of his reach. 

He desperately tried to stretch his hands but Seshat's body over him did not leave him any room to maneuver. Instead, he held the thread of her g-string at her tailbone and gently pulled. Her walls contracted, and Blaze felt the resistance through the string. Though he could easily pull the bead out if he intended to, he chose to teasingly apply pressure on the string as Seshat's walls clenched and unclenched in response, trying to keep the bead inside, even as her hips gyrated over his. 

"Split your legs and try humping with your hips," he whispered pleadingly into her breasts, while simultaneously trying to enclose them with his mouth, realizing that she couldn't hop on her knees in the current position. 

Like all angels, Seshat was inexplicably flexible, having no trouble in spreading her legs. And she soon realized that the position made it a lot easier to move up and down, as she started twerking and bouncing her butt over him. It finally gave Blaze enough room lean up into her breasts and reach his fingers to her anus. He pulled at the bead and it came out with a pop. She mashed her groin into his and came a little. 

Soon, he was once again pushing and pulling the bead out of her tight ass, as it stretched further and further to accommodate the bead and allow him to more swiftly plunge it into her. She was assailed by the overwhelming sensation of two pleasurable objects buried deep inside her. 

<em>Thwack Thwack Thwack Thwack.</em> Their moist skins and the wetness building inside Seshat combined to make a thwacking sound as she fucked him. They mashed their bodies together, desperately straining to press into and connect with each other. 

Blaze finally managed to get a nipple into his mouth, tasting the slight salty and sweet taste of her skin, as he started greedily sucking on it whilst the heat and arousal surged. Though the angels didn't sweat, their skin still had a distinct taste, varying slightly with each individual. He gripped her soft and curvy butt with one hand and let her set the rhythm as his own hips instinctively moved to meet her in the air. 

Seshat loved the position. She got both the control and intimacy she desired, yet her ass was at his mercy. His lips on her breasts, his prick buried inside her, and the bead gripped by the tight walls all sent crashing waves of pleasure that collided and merged in the pit of her stomach. 

"Aah Aah Ah Aaaah," she cried as she repeatedly speared herself into his prick. Her butt furiously bouncing and grinding over his groin. 

Finally, Blaze couldn't keep it in anymore. With Jie Er and Claudis, he had been trying to let his arousal take over him and maximize his healing potential. With Seshat, however, he felt no such obligation. He jutted his hips into her as he felt himself burst, lightly nipping her nipple in the process. 

The bite sent a jolt of electricity screaming across her body and burst the dam of arousal that had been building up inside her. 

"Aaaaaaaagh," her screech echoed into the night and her body shuddered. Her release sprayed over him just as the first jet of his essence burst into her vagina, hitting the entrance of her cervix. Her arms tensed around his face and her body and breasts enveloped him as her hips started spasming over his. 

Seshat's movements and the weight of her body intensified his release. His orgasm was prolonged as she rode out her own, as he held her in an almost crushing hug, jutting his hips into her wetness and releasing multiple loads into her. 

Her orgasm slowly but gratifyingly subsided and she felt herself full of him and his essence. Satiated, she raised her breasts from his face and he gasped for air. At some point during their orgasm, her breasts had blocked his airways and he had been forced to hold his breath. 

Feeling a bit light headed, Blaze gave her a stupid but satisfied grin. 

Her gaze turned a little concerned as she tried to get off him, but he held her tight within his arms. Giving up, she brushed his hair off his forehead as she warmly peered at him. 

"I guess you owe me an extra lesson, teach," he cheekily grinned at her, as his hands sneaked their way back to her butt, and finally pulled the bead out of her clutching back door. 

"You are a naughty angel, little Blaze," she commented wryly as she continued to lovingly brush his hair and caress his cheek. 

"What are you going to do about it, teach? Spank me?" he asked her with a lascivious grin. 

The pale brown skin of her cheeks turned a deeper shade. 

*** 

Blaze had dinner with Seshat and spent the night in her warm and naked embrace. He had already informed his matron that he might be staying over at Seshat's cottage, but he headed back to his dorm early the next morning. However, it was only after fucking her and blowing his load all over her face and breasts after she got to taste his cock; another perk of not having to consider his semen as a healing essence. 

oOo 

When Blaze reached their dining hall that morning, he found that the spirits of his classmates hadn't lifted. 

"We lost again. 6-4 this time. Two of those Malakim participated, but they only fought against the weakest of their lineup. We would've won those anyway," Rachel replied angrily, as he gave them a questioning look. Aahna seemed to be too down to even say a word. 

"What's up with you?" he poked her shoulder. 

"She went and spoke with them last evening. They denied everything and even agreed to participate in the fights. But it makes no difference if all they are going to do is fight against the weakest of 1B. This is why mum says never to trust traitors," Rachel shook her head angrily. 

"Don't be dramatic, Rach," Blaze chided her, but he couldn't deny that he was a little incensed. 

He wanted to walk up to them and give them his piece of mind, but instead he picked up a slice of Mamgi and bit into it. His earthling mother had always advised him not to make hasty decisions on an empty stomach. 

Mamgi was a yellowish orange avocado shaped fruit, with a large seed in the middle and soft, light orange flesh when ripe. Blaze had only seen cut slices or pictures of the fruit, so he couldn't comment on its size. 

As the sweet nectarine flesh of the fruit traveled down to his stomach, he recalled Seshat's words from the previous night. <em>Compassion.</em> Hadn't Claudis given him a chance to redeem himself, though he did something potentially unforgivable in her eyes? 

Despite being twenty years old, the seven angels were considered kids among the angels. Maybe he could take the mature route and gently address the issue. It was possible that their opinions were not yet concrete, and he could appeal to their better side just like Claudis had appealed to his. He had taken the easy route with Badava and he wasn't going to make the same mistake again. 

After stuffing his face with more fruit and a full glass of milk, he slowly but resolutely walked towards the table the seven were dining at. He could feel the eyes following him, expecting some sort of a standoff. 

The seven looked at him defiantly, but he spotted a tinge of doubt in some of their eyes. 

"Hey!" he greeted them with a smile, suddenly realizing that he hadn't thought of what he was exactly going to say. Something about his reincarnation made him more impulsive than he had been in his previous life. Though he was used to going with the flow at times, he remembered being calculated when it mattered. 

His casual greeting took the angels by surprise. None of them expected the angel who had hospitalized a Houri in her rage to be easily forgiving, and his amiability only made them more nervous. 

"What do you want from us?" one of them finally manage to mumble. 

"Nothing. I just wanted to talk," Blaze replied simply, bewildering them even more. 

He looked around for an empty chair and pulled it between a couple of students. Sitting down, he looked into the hazel eyes of the ginger haired angel who had spoken to him. Thankfully, he remembered her name. 

"Minerva, right? I hear you guys did not wish to participate in competing against class 1b," Blaze spoke gently and slowly, trying to make them comfortable. 

"It's our choice, isn't it? We didn't do anything wrong. Besides, we did participate in yesterday's duels. We even won two of them," a pink haired angel beside Minerva replied defensively. Blaze could not remember her name. 

"That it is. But some also feel that you revealed our strengths to the other class," Blaze commented, looking around to see their response. 

"We did no such thing! We're just the patsies," Minerva denied categorically, but her words and expression implied that even she believed something fishy went on with the fights. However, Blaze couldn't find any hint of untruth in her voice or anyone else in the group. 

<em>Either they had nothing to do with it or they are good actors. It is also possible that only one or two of them were in it. But I guess it doesn't matter.</em> 

Blaze sighed. "Ok, I believe you. But you accepted that it was your choice to not participate in the fights on the first day. I am guessing that means you have a problem with the class. Is it because of Siofra?" he asked, his voice neither confrontational nor angry. 

"Well, yeah. She is a pixie. No proper Malakim will try to become friends with a pixie!" the pink haired girl replied vehemently. 

"But why? The Malakim society has never actually rejected the pixies. It's just the tainted ones spreading rumors," Blaze returned. 

"We all want to join the Malakim, like our mothers. No Malakim in their right mind is willing to become friends with a pixie, even if she's your friend," Minerva explained with a little less venom. 

Blaze considered his next words for a moment. Though he didn't believe that their opinions couldn't be changed, they were backed up by years of reinforcement from their mothers' opinions. 

"Fine!" he breathed out, "I won't ask you to become friends with Siofra, but don't you think it's unfair towards your classmates to show your anger towards Siofra or me on them? Like it or not, you belong in class 1A. 

"As long as you don't bully or mistreat anyone, I don't care about your opinions. Even if one of you has done what the others claim you have, I do not care. I will treat you the same as everyone else. Like friends and sisters. If someone mistreats you, I will stand up for you just like I did with Siofra and will do so for anyone in our class. 

"But I implore you to at least try your best to not intentionally hurt your classmates. Whether you're Malakim or of some other society, you're angels first. If we can't show benevolence towards our classmates, what's the difference between us and the demons? If we can't stand united in a class, how will we be united against the demons?" he spoke passionately and grandly. 

Though he felt a bit pompous and hypocritical, he meant what he said. He was going to win them over with compassion, just like he was planning to do with Badava. 

The seven angels were strapped for words. They were prepared for a castigation, not empathy. And despite their reservations, they couldn't help but sprout a grain of respect in their hearts. They suddenly realized that he wasn't undeserving of the righteous fury, even if they felt that he might be misguided. 

Blaze gave them a moment to register his words before he got up and gave them a fervid look. 

"We are still young and all of us have a lot to learn. I believe it's good for us to have differing opinions as we learn more about the world. It means that we are thinking and not blindly following the consensus. <em>Be yourselves.</em> And as long as you are in the right, I will always have your back," he parroted General Sturms words, before turning around and marching back to his spot, imagining Hollywood type explosions behind him. 

"What did you say to them?" Aahna asked, noticing their dazed stares. There was neither anger nor guilt in their expressions. 

"Just some things. I don't think most of them, if any, were involved in any plot against our class. Can you make sure that the rest of the class doesn't ostracize them? If they approach you, be kind and welcoming. Something so insignificant as a loss in practice spars shouldn't bring strife among us," he asked her sincerely. 

Though his classmates respected his strength, Aahna was the one who could truly connect with them. Her liveliness and gregariousness, though annoying at times, was true and contagious. 

oOo 

When Blaze and Siofra returned from combat training that evening, they were pleasantly surprised to see the entire dorm in an upbeat mood. 

"We won!" Aahna squealed in delight as they approached them. 

"I thought you had PE today? What did you win at? Who could stretch more?" Blaze teased her. 

"Stop being such a tart. We challenged Class 1B to a game of flyball. We kicked their <em>pretty little butts</em>," she chimed merrily. 

"Flyball?" 

"Yeah. We only played ten rounds each, but we won 80 to 40. Even Afriel played with us. She is such a good pitcher. She got six outs in one game. Holy whiskers, Big Bro! If you play, we will become un beatable!" Ahana let out a flurry of words. 

"Afriel?" 

"Yeah. She is the pink haired Malakim. Her mother is one of the tainted, but they are grooming her to be one of the pious ones. She is a little intense, but she is nice enough. She is also an amazing pitcher. Better than Rach or Nina!" Aahna elaborated as Blaze turned to look at the Malakim. Afriel gave him a slight smile and turned away. 

"We just have different roles, Aahna. We were all required in the game!" Rach argued. 

"Oh yeah? I didn't see you take 6 outs. You took two and Nina took one! Whatever you told them, Big Bro, it worked! The others have tried to be more pleasant during the day as well. Big Bro knows the best!" Aahna exclaimed and wrapped him in a hug. 

"Good job guys!" Blaze commended them, patting on Aahna's back. "We just have to do the same with combat training. Don't worry. I may not be the best teacher, but we may have someone who can help you much more than I can!" he added thoughtfully. 

"Who?" Rachel asked excited. She was always excited about more training. 

"That's a secret. But I am sure you will love her," he replied mysteriously. 

The rest of the night was spent in playful company before they all returned to beds. 

oOo 

The next morning, he flew straight to the stables. He knew exactly what he needed to do and what he was going to say to Claudis. She showed him compassion and forgiveness, and he was going to prove that he deserved it. 

As usual, he found her attending to the Pegasi. She glanced at him but went back to her work after giving him a slight nod of acknowledgement. 

"umm... Claudis?" Blaze began and waited for her to look at him again. "I am really sorry," he finished glumly, his face contorted slightly as if in pain. 

Looking at his despondent look, Cluadis felt an almost uncontrollable urge to just rush up and wrap him in her arms, but she controlled herself. She couldn't give in that easily. 

"I have a pet at home and when I saw her, I realized how much I hurt you by treating Badava the way I did. I wouldn't have forgiven anyone who tried the same with Sky. But can you please forgive me? I promise it won't happen again!" he pleaded. The fact that Claudis was one of the nicest angels he had met made it all the easier for the words to flow. 

"Blaze... It's not just about me. You mu-" 

"I know. But I don't think she will understand my apology. The only way I can make amends to Badava is by gaining her trust. Will you help me?" he asked sincerely. His voice containing a tinge of helplessness that Claudis simply couldn't resist. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Of course, I will," she replied hoarsely as her eyes dampened with emotion. One of the best feelings a teacher could have was to see a wayward student make amends because of them. 

The two of them spent the next forty-five minutes trying to make Badava get used to being around Blaze again. However, the fear he had managed to instill in the Pegasus was not easily undone. The Pegasus refused to let him come near her without rearing its legs in dread. The only way she remained calm when he was near her, was for Claudis to hold her reins and comfortingly caress her cheek. 

"It won't be easy, Blaze. You just have to be patient and whittle away at her fears," Claudis said after taking Badava back to her stall. Noticing Blaze's disappointment, she gently patted on his shoulder. "Do you want to switch to a different Pegasus?" she asked after a moment. 

"No!" he replied firmly, and her heart swelled slightly in happiness at his answer. 

Blaze helped her finish up her work at the stable before returning to his dorm for breakfast. He felt both content and a little proud of himself, despite not making any more moves on Claudis. 

oOo 

Turdas and Fredas went by quickly as Blaze spent his mornings with Badava and Claudis, and once again visited Seshat on Turdas. 

Fredas evening, Blaze sat at his usual spot and was vigorously working on his homework when one of his classmates approached him. He was expecting Elyssa to reach Tir that weekend and he didn't want to have some pesky homework come in his way of spending time with her. 

"Big Bro, an older student is here to see you," the girl told him cheerfully. Blaze looked at the girl and then at the entrance, only to find no one there. 

"She is waiting outside," the girl informed him. 

Blaze immediately set his books aside and rushed out. As Siofra was already in the dorm, there was only one older student that would visit him. 

He wasn't disappointed. Elyssa was standing outside, waiting for him, with a wide smile on her face. She was wearing a short pale blue strapless frock with wide cuts on the sides of her stomach. Her long golden blonde hair hung free and was held in place by the thin golden circlet with a ruby center that she always wore. 

Her dress hugged her body and accentuated her figure, with its color matching her aquamarine eyes, and along with the hearty smile on her face, she looked exceptionally beautiful under the light from the lamp posts. 

However, none of it mattered to Blaze. Though they had only spent a few months together and a lot had happened since the time they parted, Elyssa's face and presence sparked a strange sort of comfort in his existence. 

Being in a foreign world, he felt safe around Jie Er, but Elyssa was the one he could truly be himself with. That's why he subconsciously rejected the idea of even looking at her in a sexual manner. He feared it may somehow ruin his pure relationship with her. 

Never taking his eyes off her face, he simply rushed down the stairs and wrapped her in a warm and full embrace. 

"Missed me, little Blaze?" her euphonious but playful voice rang in his ears. 

"Nope. Not at all. I just think you're very comfortable to hug," he whispered in her ear. 

She laughed and hugged him back. 

"Why didn't you come inside?" he questioned her, pulling back after a few moments. 

"Thought we could catch up before I met your class. But I guess that'll have to wait," Elyssa replied, looking at the four sets of eyes peeping out the door behind them. Realizing that they were noticed they stepped out one by one. 

Disbelief immediately donned on Siofra's face, but the other three continued to cluelessly smile at Elyssa. Siofra had heard about Elyssa from Blaze, but she hadn't been sure if he was just playing her. 

"Hey guys, meet Elyssa. She is my best friend. Ely, meet Siofra, Bi, Aahna and Rachel," he introduced them, hugging Elyssa with a sideways arm. 

"Hello Big Sister Elyssa!" Aahna chimed in her usual enthusiastic voice, but Rachel's eyes suddenly widened in realization. 

"Elyssa Marigold!?" she exclaimed with an open mouth. Though Elyssa's appearance wasn't well known, the same couldn't be said about her name. She was one of the strongest young angels and widely accepted to have the greatest potential in her generation and more. 

"The one and only," Blaze added, as Elyssa took her reception gracefully and without surprise. 

"It's a pleasure to meet you all. I've heard quite a bit about you," she said with a casual smile, trying to make them comfortable. "And you must be the pixie," she said with a slight bow and a roll of her right hand. It was the standard formal greeting among the angels. "I apologize for the treatment you've received in Aranya, but I am glad it was Blaze who set things right. I hope we can become good friends." 

"The pleasure is mine, Miss Elyssa. And I have no resentment towards my past treatment. Especially since Blaze promised that you and your mother could help open a diplomatic discourse regarding the treatment of pixies in Aranya and maybe even free up the trade routes between our two nations," Siofra replied with an even more formal repeat of Elyssa's gesture. 

Elyssa face hardened, and she was struck speechless. Though her mother, the duchess, did have some influence in such matters, it was both inappropriate and above Elyssa's and Blaze's station to be involved in them. 

"Er..." Elyssa replied dumbly as Siofra continued. 

"Big Bro has also promised that you would visit the Mesa plains on a tour of conciliation and good will. After our school year, obviously, and if you place in the first three ranks of the Young Angel Martial Arts Tournament. Your appearance and-"  

"Blaze!" Elyssa muttered at him angrily, making Siofra pause. 

Blaze nodded vigorously, seemingly extremely satisfied about what he had done. 

Suddenly, Elyssa realized what was going on. Though the two of them had straight faces and she couldn't make out a sliver of dishonesty in Siofra's expression, she had been fooled one too many times by Blaze. 

She shook her head and silently pulled out long wooden stick from her space ring. Blaze could not even fathom why she would have such a thing in the first place. 

"What's that for?" Siofra asked, doubtfully eyeing the stick. She suddenly felt very unsure about what she had done, expecting to feel the crack of wood against her taut backside. 

"I didn't realize that I will be trying to straighten out <em>two</em> angels during my stay at Tir this year. The northern countries still believe in corporal punishment. I've always wondered about its effectiveness," she said, threateningly swinging her stick. 

"It was a just a prank, Ely," Blaze waved his hands, as if trying to placate her. He knew that she didn't mean it, but Siofra didn't. 

"It wasn't my idea, Big Sis. She made me say it," Siofra was quick to put the blame on Blaze, her hands instinctively beginning to pull at her dress as the blood drained out of her rosy face. Blaze had nothing to do with the prank. He had just gone along with her quick plotting. 

"Oi! Quit lying!" he shouted back at Siofra. 

Elyssa sighed and put the stick back in her ring. "You two are two peas in a pod. It's no wonder you became such quick friends," Elyssa shook her head exasperatedly, with a wry smile. Blaze and Siofra started laughing, leaving the other three angels somewhat lost about what was going on. 

They chatted a bit more before Blaze and Elyssa took their leave, explaining that they wanted to catch up. Though the angels were amiable and sociable creatures, they also valued solitude. It was only appropriate for a species that did not require a two-person relationship to procreate. So, neither Siofra nor the others felt left out. 

Blaze and Elyssa flew to a garden table and sat down after turning the lamppost on. Under the night sky, filled with stars and a moon that was just beginning to come over the horizon, the two of them conversed without a break between topics. Though they had talked over the VPs, they were excited to once again be in each other's company and the words just flowed. 

Elyssa talked about the situation at the border, her training with her Mom, her chances in the tournament and so on. Blaze spoke about his classes, classmates and his experiences at Tir. He even told her about his incident with Badava, which he hadn't even mentioned to Jie Er. Elyssa chided him a little but was glad that he could easily see the error of his ways. 

"Mum always says that what makes a true angel is not always being right, but the ability to accept one's mistakes and make amends. I agree with her and I am sure aunty Jie Er will too," she told him. 

Blaze nodded broodingly and the two of them fell silent for a few moments, gazing into the night sky, comfortably leaning back on their chairs, with their legs spread out on the opposite ones. 

"Ely?" he asked after a while. He suddenly remembered how his classmates had immediately recognized that Elyssa was older, while none of them had ever seriously considered the same with him. They called him 'Big Bro', but that seemed mostly for fun. "Why did the girl who told me about your arrival think that you were an older student? Even Aahna was quick to call you elder sister." 

"Despite how you choose to treat me, I am three times the age you claim to be..." she replied drolly. 

"I know that," he said defensively, "But, you're shorter and you don't look that much older." 

"Of course, I do. And, we're the same height." 

"Have you <em>seen</em> yourself in the mirror?" 

She took a moment to understand his words. "Since when does physical appearance indicate age?" she tilted her head in confusion. 

"How else would you guess someone's age?" Blaze asked sitting up straight. He must've missed something obvious about this world. 

"You can sense other angels' energy, can't you?" Elyssa asked, also sitting up and with a tinge of worry. She knew his birth was unnatural. 

"Yeah... If I focus my Anja on you," he replied unsurely. Anja was the energy channeling organ that was inside the center of one's forehead. 

"What do you feel when you focus on me?" Elyssa probed. 

"The world energy flowing into you and the energy that makes up your form. There are concentrated masses at your forehead and at your wing receptacles," Blaze spoke as he <em>saw/felt</em> through his Anja. He had once needed to consciously focus the organ on a person to achieve it, but now it was like any of his other five senses. 

"Can't you estimate my age by how my energy feels?" she asked him, puzzled. 

"No...?" he replied unsurely. 

Elyssa looked at him strangely before something struck her. "You know what! I know what's going on... It's so easy to forget that you are not more than a few months old. I remember being confused with ages during my first few years of life. 

"It seems so long ago, now. I think you just need to get used to judging ages by an angel's energy and not by their appearance. It's not always accurate but it's better than trying to guess whether an angel has one wrinkle or two wrinkles on their face. Otherwise, you'll never be able to tell the difference between a two-fifty-year-old and four-hundred-year-old," she explained. 

It took a moment before he understood what she meant. It was the same as how human kids take time to relate age to how people look. He needed to get used to the nuances of an angel's energy appearance. 

"So, what's the difference that you see? And, why hasn't anyone guessed that I am not really twenty years old?" 

"It's hard to explain. The energy just seems more used and more mature. There is a stability to it, almost a lethargy if it is more than four hundred years old. The energy of younger angels is more sprightly, brighter if you can call it that. 

"As for yours, it's always hard to tell the age of angels below twenty, since most of them are still at the beginning stages of learning how to use world energy. Yours is even harder for some reason, but no one would think twice if you said you were twenty," Elyssa replied. 

Blaze realized that he had been treating Anja as a unique organ, but to the angels it was probably no different than using their eyes or ears. He decided to use it more while meeting new people, as he curiously examined Elyssa's energy form for a few minutes before he remembered something else. 

"How come you didn't tell me about the costume party?" Blaze asked her accusingly. 

"Huh? I thought it would've been obvious. It's the weekend of the Regnbage festival. What's the matter? I thought you'd like it," Elyssa asked confused. 

"Never mind," he sighed back. "I just can't find something that I wouldn't mind wearing. Have you decided on a costume to wear?" 

"Not yet. I thought we could go together as a themed pair. It's up to you, though. If you don't want to, I was planning on going as a Valkyrie," she replied musingly. 

"Aren't the Valkyries demonic soldiers?" he asked puzzled. 

"Yeah. But I admire their strength and valor on the battlefield. They are the only demons who show backbone." 

"Still. Wouldn't that send the wrong message in such a sensitive setting as a multinational meet?" he continued. He had an idea in his mind but wasn't sure if it would be appropriate. 

"Not really. It's the Regnbage festival and everyone knows that it is for fun. We don't have to worry about letting our hair down," she replied matter-of-factly. 

"Then I have an idea for what we could go as," he replied mysteriously. 

"Oh? What is it?" Elyssa asked, her interest piqued. 

"Txiki and the soul reaper!" Blaze replied with gusto. 

Txiki was a mythological pixie who constantly tricked the soul reaper from collecting her soul. 

Elyssa slowly widened with excitement as she remembered the story, "Ooh. That could work. I assume you're the pixie?" 

Though the soul reaper was a feared figure in children's stories, she wasn't really considered evil. The soul reaper simply did her job. So, Elyssa was quite comfortable in playing her role. It also seemed a lot of fun to chase Blaze around with a scythe. 

"Obviously!" 

The two of them spent a little more time together before they headed back to the dorm. Blaze felt that his classmates wouldn't let him live with it if he didn't introduce them to Elyssa. And as he expected, his entire class was eagerly waiting for them to return, the Malakim included. 

Elyssa was immediately swarmed by the students and for once Blaze felt sidelined. Siofra joined him with a provocative grin on her face but didn't say anything. Blaze shook his head and decided to finish his homework. Despite how it may seem, he wasn't an attention seeker. He'd rather have someone else be the center of attention, while he did whatever he felt like doing. 

Elyssa turned out to be quite adept at dealing with her new <em>fans.</em> By the time she decided to leave, most of his classmates seemed satisfied and happy to have met her. 

oOo 

<em>Meanwhile at Varan.</em> 

As Rebecca was returning home that evening, her attention was drawn by a group of nine wild dogs chasing after something in the grass, half a yonder from their cottage. She wouldn't have usually paid a second glance to such a common scene in the grasslands, but she had seen the same thing recur at the same place a few times over the week. 

There were a couple of curious aspects to the scene repeating itself. Wild dogs were intelligent and expert hunters and never chose prey they didn't have a high chance of catching. The pack's home was nearby and no creature, which was a part of the packs diet, would dare to approach their home grounds multiple times. The pack usually had to prowl the grasslands to find a meal. 

Rebecca hovered midair as her eyes scanned the grass. She soon discovered the tall grass parting as a creature scurried through them. Though she had no vision of the animal, she could tell that it wasn't very big. 

Wild dogs had immense stamina and were also quite speedy. There weren't many smaller land creatures that could out run them on open land. 

The barking dogs had perfect coordination as they tried to circle the animal. However, it proved to be too agile, and it refused to be herded as it wove between them, slowly making headways to the north. 

Suddenly, the animal burst into a small clearing of grazed grass. With a smooth tawny mane, a fuzzy white underbelly, a bushy tail and a narrow streamline body, it was the cutest little river otter Rebecca had ever seen. By its size, it seemed like a teenage otter and in its mouth was a small leg of some large rodent or a rabbit. 

<em>This little thief!</em> It was obvious what the otter had been doing. The dogs wouldn't have been so adamant about chasing it if it had only been the first time. They usually didn't prefer the meat of other carnivores, unless they were starving. 

The otter quickly glanced at Rebecca with round beady black eyes that seemed to draw her in like a black hole and scurried away without paying her much attention. 

The dogs continued chasing and it slowly led them to a nearby stream that flowed into a larger river that cut into the nearby forest. It leapt in with a loud splash and holding the leg in its ting pudgy little hands, it floated on its back to look at the dogs who had come to a stop at the bank. 

They weren't dumb enough to chase an otter in water. It bit into the leg with its furry little mouth and swallowed a good portion of meat. 

It raised its neck and squeaked at the dogs in provocation, taking another bite. The frustrated dogs barked and howled at her for a couple of minutes before they gave up and headed back. 

Rebecca hovered down over the otter, which gave her a glance but otherwise seemed unafraid. 

"You're gonna get caught, if you keep this up," she told her, despite knowing she wouldn't understand. The otter seemed to listen for a moment before it noisily chirped at her and splashed away into the stream's depths. 

Rebecca shook her head at its mischievous nature and headed back home. It reminded her of someone she knew. 

oOo 

Alice entered Fiora's office that evening with an orangish yellow envelope in her hand. 

"Letter from the Ophanim?" Fiora asked, noticing its color. 

"From the wise one, Manjusri Yidam, herself," Alice replied, carefully holding the envelope with both hands as she presented it to the headmistress. 

Fiora didn't display the same piety, as she simply took the envelope and tore it open without much fuss. She quickly read the contents and gave out a loud sigh. 

Alice expectantly waited for a minute before she asked what was on her mind, "What was it about?" 

"She just wants to know about Blaze," Fiora sighed in reply. 

"She does? But why? Isn't she too young to be considered for the Ophanim?" Alice asked in surprise. 

"Desperate times, Alice. Deity Michelle is getting old and we may soon have a struggle for the control of the banner in the next few decades. The other societies have better candidates than the current Ophanim candidates and even they are interested in Blaze, despite his age. 

"Miss Blaze seems to have grown under the guidance of duchess Marigold. As the duchess is also an Ophanim, Blaze does seem like a good candidate to pursue," she explained, but Alice could hear the doubt in her voice. <em>There is also more to her heritage than it seems.</em> 

"You have doubts? I thought you liked Miss Blaze," Alice asked puzzledly. 

"I do like her, Alice, but that has nothing to do with this. If you had asked me whether she would make a good Banner candidate, the weekend before last, my answer would've been a definitive no. 

"Despite her exceptional qualities, I always thought Miss Blaze to be a wild one and I am sure even you can see that she is not faultless. I also do not think that she has the right aptitude to wield the banner. However, the righteous fury speaks a very different story," Fiora replied, feeling a little frustrated. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Why can't you just write that to the wise one? I am sure she will understand!" Alice responded confidently. 

"Because I know what she will ask of me, and I don't want to coerce or cajole Miss Blaze into the Ophanim. If wisdom is what she truly seeks in her life, she will inevitably be drawn to the society. Moreover, I believe any such overt invitations may achieve the opposite results. I believe Miss Blaze is a cautious one, Alice, though she portrays herself otherwise. Regardless, I wish the best for her and want her to find her ideal path by herself. I only wish to give her guidance if she asks for it." 

"Then it might be too late for the banner!" 

"That is the dilemma." 

The two angels fell silent in contemplation. 

"Miss Alice, do you think you would be able to go to the meet and keep an eye on Miss Blaze?" Fiora suddenly asked after a few moments. "I want to know how she represents herself at the meeting of delegates. If she gives any indication of prematurely joining the other societies, we may as well try our luck in drawing her towards the Ophanim," she concluded unhappily. 

"As you wish, headmistress." 

oOoOoOo 

<em>ReaderReaderfic:</em> Goddamn! How? I thought I was so subtle with the dogs. I know most of my other readers probably weren't paying attention to our conversation about the otter, but even if they did, I never thought anyone would figure it out. You're a genius mate! 

<strong>Author's comments:</strong> I apologize if I offend the religious or cultural sentiments of anyone. It is not intentional. It is meant to be international. (... ) 

Q&amp;A 

Q. Can we get more of Jie Er? 

A. Patience my friends. She is one of the main characters and she isn't going anywhere. Her absence has a reason and is not a convenient excuse to avoid her. 

Q. The angels seem quite susceptible to sex. Why haven't they explored the pleasures of skin before Blaze? 

A. Just cause'. Stop asking too many questions. But since I am the author, I guess I am obliged to answer. 

Firstly, sex is somewhat intuitive and programmed into our genes. The same cannot be said for the angels as they don't need it for reproduction. 

Secondly, no one said that no angels have ever explored the world of bodily pleasures. But since it is so unintuitive and there is no internet, it is possible that such means have pleasure have remained private and away from common awareness. Seshat does mention that the eastern countries have a unique type of massage. 

Finally, <em>there's something about Mary</em> (Blaze) that arouses the angels and makes them more prone to indulging in sex. Maybe it's just his dick or maybe there's something more. 

Q. Did someone really ask you for more Q&amp;A? 

A. Nope. I just wanted a good excuse to write em'. But I am sure all of you love this section. 

Q. I hear that you're a dragon. Are you a serpentine Asian dragon or a western? 

A. Stop being racist. All dragons are simply dragons. Although, I do think the Asian dragons are a bit ludicruous. In fact, I think all the dragons your inferior human brains can imagine are ridiculous. I am too awesome to even imagine. Muhahahahahahahahahaha Haha. *ahem*. 

Q. Okay, Lord Dragon. If you're so awesome, tell us the meaning of life? 

A. There is none. It's just a meaningless existence that happened by random chance, because of a silly chemical process that began replicating itself somewhere in the depths of the Earth's oceans. Then it took some more millions of years of evolution to create your puny little species. So yeah, there is no meaning to your existence. 

Just Kidding. The meaning of life is sex. 

Q. Wait, you mean the world wasn't created some 4000 years ago by a white dude in a beard? 

A. No. It was a black dude with a white beard... 

Just kidding. 

It was actually created by mistake. Dragons love messing around with stars and my great great something grandpa was playing around with the sun. However, his old bowels had an accident and let something loose (we usually poop into black holes, but he had no control over this accident). This poop revolved around the sun in an orbit and slowly condensed into the sphere called Earth. The poop had some potent stuff in it (what can I say? He was an adventurous one) and that managed to create life, which in turn evolved into you. 

Q. Wait a minute! I read on your profile page that you have a fetish for human women. Does that mean you have a fetish for your ancestor's poop? 

A. ... ... <em>FUCK!</em> I seriously need to consider my life choices. Adios amigos, see you in a thousand years. *Flies away to Andromeda galaxy to contemplate* 

Q. Wait! Don't go! What about the next chapter? 

A. Don't worry. I quantum entangled my left whisker to a super computer. I can post the chapter instantaneously from anywhere in the universe (as long as I finish writing it, obviously).
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 13|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Special thanks</strong> to <em>Curtis, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Wootdiew00p, and The Glimmering Warlock for supporting my work.</em> 

<em>This chapter was late due to its length and editing issues rising from it.</em> <em>Thanks to DankMemez aka ACLawrence for the brilliant editing and going after my ass.</em> 

<strong>Obligatory Warnings:</strong> 1. There 2.5 sex scenes in this chapter. The chapter is ~27k words. I plan to average around 15-16k words, so this one is an exception. 

2. Check out the Txiki lore above the chapter 13 heading. The response section has been moved to the end of the chapter. 

<strong>Author's Notes:</strong> As I initially started this work on a whim, there have been certain inconsistencies that Dank and myself have found in the earlier chapters. But since I've now started to take this work seriously, I am going to address these issues and finalize some things in this chapter and the ones that follow. Please forgive me if it affects the immersion in the narrative. I promise this won't happen again. 

One of things was the description of Rhea and Hathor. They will henceforth be goddesses of the land and motherhood, respectively. I also mentioned that Aranya had 6 Deities in one chapter and 5 in the next. This number will now be 5 (10 including the ones that serve in the Heavenly Union Armed Forces). 

<strong><em>Calendar:</em></strong> The Heavenly Union measures time in eras, which change with each wielder of the Banner of Light. The current Lucian Era started when Deity Michelle officially became its wielder. The previous era was called the Nirrti Era, named after the previous wielder, who was from Aranya. 

Diety Michelle was born in the Holy Caledonian Empire, but was raised in Vaikunheim. 

The current year in Lucian Era 634. 

For the months and days, I am currently using Elder Scrolls' (Game), but I may have to change it soon for copyright reasons. 

<strong>Measurements:</strong> <em>I am finalizing these terms and will use them from now on.</em> 

<em>Distance:</em> 1 Yonder ~ 3 miles or 5 kilometers. 

Height: Feet (similar to the length on earth) â€“ The measurement is similar, as despite their height the feet of angels are the same size as an average male from Earth. 

Weight: Mina: 100 Minas ~ 21 kilos ~ 46 lbs 

1000 Mina = 1 Ser ~ 210 kilos ~ 460 lbs 

Adult angels weigh ~ 400 -500 minas (185-230 lbs or 84-105 kg) 

Average Height: 6'8 â€“ 7. 

<strong>Age Vocabulary:</strong> Angels have genderless nouns to indicate ages. (only for those interested â€“ not really important.) 

0-20 years: pige (child) 

20-60 years: ina (girl/teen) 

60-120 years: ivka (young angel) 

Min: Prefix for an angel older by one generation. (Each generation is usually 100 years). 

Mon: Prefix for an angel older by two generations. 

The ages don't directly correlate with human ages, as the angel's physical aging curve is very different to humans. A forty-year-old angel will usually look like a 18-year-old human. Hence, the somewhat arbitrary forty-year age limit in the story. 

<strong>Demographics:</strong> There are fourteen countries in the Heavenly Union. 

Though they once had different races and vastly different cultures, most of them are currently quite globalized with overlapping cultures and peoples. 

The most globalized of the countries are Aranya and the Holy Caledonian Empire, where it is common to run across angels from all fourteen countries in a single town. 

The least globalized are the countries of Xian and Kamitochi. Xian due to circumstance and lack of necessity, while the Kamitochi due to their isolationistic Queens. The other countries fall in between. 

Once, Xian occupied 2/5ths of the land of the current Hela empire and they did not need to interact with the other angels. The mountains also did not help. The Xian's beliefs are also slightly different from the rest of the heavenly union. 

I will give more information on the countries in the later chapters. 

<strong>The Heavenly Union:</strong> A union of the angel countries and the societies of Azra El. Its general assembly meets once every decade for policy making. The number of representatives depend on the population of each country. 5 for each million angels and 5 from each society â€“ 210 angels from the countries and 45 from each society. 

The executive branch is the Heavenly Union Security Council, headed by Deity Michelle, who is the only one among the group to have the veto power. The membership of the security council is 11 angels. Seven selected from the fourteen countries, on a rotational basis, and three from the societies. 

It also has numerous other branches that are involved in the governance and policy making of the HU to a certain extent. (Imagine a more powerful United Nations). 

<strong>The Heavenly Union Armed Forces:</strong> They are controlled by the HU Security Council. The armed forces are led by the Deities provided by each nation of the Heavenly Union, and the Deities swear allegiance to the HUAF. 

Currently, there are 41 Deities in the HUAF. 

Aranya has 5 Deities, but 5 more of its Deities serve under the HUAF. So, technically there are 10 Aranyan Deities, but only 5 of them can be considered as its own. 

<strong>Relevant Character Descriptions:</strong> 

<em>Astrid Marigold</em>: Elyssa's cousin, four times removed. She is forty years old, and quite beautiful, with free hanging midnight blue hair that reaches her elbows, pouty pink lips, an angular jaw, and sparkling hazel eyes. Her skin is lightly tanned, and she has a lean build that makes her seem taller than she is. 

Astrid is an interesting character, frivolous at times while being intelligent and deeply perceptive at others. She is a social creature, who loves keeping up with the latest fashions and gossip, but at the same time dislikes the company of flaky angels. She also has a knack for politics. 

She is 5'6. 

<em>Rebecca Flynn</em>: She is a lieutenant in the Black Thorn regiment of the army. She is strong for her age and Jie Er thinks that she has the potential to become an archangel very soon. 

She is as beautiful as she is feisty. Her skin is smooth and white with a pinkish tinge. Her long waist length hair is a reddish pink and thick locks of hair sprawl around her face, looking as unruly as she is. Her bangs are parted at the center and flow down to her cheeks. She has dark eye-lined almond eyes which are a pinkish red, with long mascaraed eyelashes. Her brows are thick near her nose but are long and arch their way up into a thin line. 

She has a pretty &amp; slightly upturned nose. Her pink glossy lips are plump and have a natural pucker to them. Her face is angular, and her chin is small but rounded. A dark red rose is always painted at the center of her forehead. 

She is 134 years old and is 6'10. However, she usually wears 6-inch pumps which make her appears taller than she is. 

Blaze treats her both as an adoptive aunt and a friend. 

<em>Anastasia Marigold</em>: She is the Duchess of Cali and shares a striking resemblance with her daughter, Elyssa. 

She a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She has piercing gray eyes that seem to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that is put up in a fontange. 

She is a beautiful mature woman with plenty of cleavage, bony hips and long thighs. But being a stickler for the Bro Code, Blaze plans on keeping his hands off her. 

Anastasia has a warm and welcoming personality, but she exudes a natural air of nobility; poise and elegance. She makes people feel safe and that everything around her is under her control. 

<strong>Lore</strong> 

<strong>Txiki and the Soul Reaper</strong> (one of the original stories): Txiki the pixie lived a good and a mirthful life. She had been a prankster throughout her long life but despite her pranks, the other pixies loved her, for they knew her to be good at heart. 

However, a youthful heart was not enough to prolong her life forever and the soul reaper finally came to collect hers as well. 

"NO!" Txiki wailed as she spotted a dark hooded figure descend in front of her one morning, just as she was preparing to prank the townsfolk again. "No! You can't take my soul. I still need to prank a lot of angels." 

The soul reaper was surprised to say the least. No mortal had ever seen her before she pulled the souls out their bodies. "Why should I let you go over the other countless souls I've taken?" she asked, feeling a little curious about the pixie. 

"I love my life so much that I am addicted to it?" she replied in a question. 

"Addicted?" The mortal term a bit unfamiliar to the collector of the souls. 

"You get used to something so much that you crave for it more and more. It really hurts to not get your fix in time. My soul will perpetually suffer if you take me away without curing my addiction. I am, and have been a good pixie. You can't punish me like this," Txiki rambled at the reaper. 

"How bad can it be? You will forget it as soon as you spend time with all the other good souls. Come child," she said, making a grab for the pixie. 

"No, wait! It really will hurt. A lot! You just can't fathom it because you've never experienced it." 

"Nothing hurts the reaper of the souls. I don't feel anything," came her emotionless reply. 

"Why don't we have a bet. If I can make you addicted to something, you let me go... say, for 500 years. If I can't, I will give up on my addiction to life. What do you say?" 

The soul reaper <em>had</em> to take on such a curious bet. 

As a result, she became addicted to bison milk. How Txiki managed to do this is another story, but to this day the soul reaper must have a glass of milk every morning, before she goes out to collect her souls. 

*** 

oOo 

<em>Philosophies can at best give beings a narrative to build their lives around and at worst ruin the lives of others around them â€“ Manjushri Yiddam of the Ophanim.</em> 

Chapter 13 

<em>Essay by Blaze Er Lokra</em> 

<em>Date: 01 Sun's Dusk, Lucian Era 634</em> 

<em>Potential Causes and Consequences of a Second War with the Hela Empire.</em> 

<em>It is quite evident that one of the primary reasons behind the unification and rise of the Hela empire, and the subsequent war with the Heavenly Union was food as a resource.</em> 

<em>A census from Nirrti Era 622 claims the population of the demons to have been around nine million, occupying a land around twice the size of Aranya in the southwest of continent. Although this seems like enough land to accommodate their numbers, geography indicates that the demons would not have been self-sufficient.</em> 

<em>Considering the nature of the demons and the structure of their society, one can extrapolate the constant struggle an average demon would have gone through to merely survive...</em> 

<em>... Hence, it was easy for Hela to unite and motivate the demons to launch a full-scale war against the Heavenly union, for the cause of more 'living space'...</em> 

<em>... Currently, the Hela Empire occupies most of the western continent and is able to sustain its current populace. However, the memory of a destitute past may not be easy to forget. Reports indicate that the demon population has been growing at unprecedented rates. Such an increase may create a desire to consolidate more land for their future generations...</em> 

<em>...We should also consider geographical reasons for an imminent invasion. Aranya, Xian and the plateaued countries to their north and south form bastions against the demons. But it is likely that the demons view them as potential threats as their geography allows for quick surprise attacks against their empire...</em> 

<em>Moreover, there are signs of 'industrialization' â€“ a growth in the technological prowess and production capacity â€“ among the demons. This creates a need for other resources, like the energy stone mines of Aranya and Lanoan, the Viridian mines of Xian ...</em> 

<em>They could also be looking for labor...</em> 

<em>...Ultimately, there are many potential reasons for the Hela Empire to start another war: sustenance, growth, economic gains, geography, ideology, revenge, or simply a desire for territory and dominance...</em> 

<em>For the past six hundred years, the consequences of a full-scale war looked to be too costly for either side. However, it may not remain the same within the next century, especially with the risk of the position of the Banner becoming vacant...</em> 

<em>... depending on the Banner as a long-term strategy doesn't seem feasible with the ever-growing power of the Hela Empire. Further, there is the possibility of a another Asura to arise after Hela. Therefore, it is imperative for the Heavenly Union to start considering alternatives.</em> 

*** 

Blaze spent most of that weekend in the company of Elyssa. She even helped him with the essay his geography teacher had asked him to submit. The two of them were so drawn to the topic that spent most of Surdas in the Library of Ashur, writing a paper that could pass off as a mini thesis. 

"You <em>wrote</em> this?" Circadia Clime asked him in amazement when he presented it to her after class on Morndas. 

"Elyssa Marigold helped. But yes, I wrote it." 

"I guess you don't do anything in half measure, Miss Blaze. I hope it is as detailed as it is long. I look forward to reading it." 

Blaze accepted her commendation, despite the fact that if not for Elyssa's presence he would've half assed the essay. Though he liked learning, he hated homework and anything else he considered work. <em>Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do</em>. Elyssa loved homework. 

Despite her disagreement with some of the issues in his essay, Clime praised him profusely the next day. She even gave him a look that portended more work. 

The rest of the week went by quickly in the routine of schooling, rigorous combat training, time with Elyssa, and his regular attempts at reconciling with Badava. 

His classmates had finally stopped wrangling against 1B, as their combat training and PE classes became more practice oriented. Blaze sparred against Siofra a couple more times over the week, winning one and losing the other. When the weekend arrived, he once again had to say goodbye to her and leave her stranded at Tir. Apparently, her mother was still busy. 

oOo 

Early on the morning of Loredas, Blaze and Elyssa took a carriage to Saket along with the other students heading home. They rode on Elyssa's personal carriage, driven by Res Kal - Elyssa's ever-present guardian. He had once asked Elyssa how powerful the guard was, and she had replied that she was a strong archangel. Though Res wasn't around at the academy, she was always present whenever Elyssa needed to travel. 

Saket was located on the river Glende to the south of Cali and they arrived in a few hours. Blaze had been filled with amazement when he had first set his eyes on Cali, but the capital of Aranya proved to be a step above. As they neared the city, he was taken by its grandiosity. 

The immense capital was surrounded by a moat as wide as a river. And at thirty feet high, the thick walls of the city were as wide as they were tall, and even wider at the base. 

Like Cali, vast irrigated farmlands surrounded the plains around the city. They stretched for yonders, around the wide river that cut the city in two. It reminded Blaze of a conversation he had with Elyssa while writing his essay. 

<em>"Azra-El is a pretty big place. Why would food be an issue? Especially with all the farmland we have."</em> 

<em>"Er, I've no idea what you are talking about? Except the Mesa basin, most of the other nations don't produce that much."</em> 

<em>"umm... There is so much farmland between Cali and Varan. Shouldn't they produce enough to sustain all of Aranya and more?"</em> 

<em>Elyssa raised an eyebrow at him, "No, Aranya only produces enough for Aranya. You do realize that each plant only produces a few grains of edible food, don't you?"</em> 

<em>"What?"</em> 

<em>"Blaze, we can't just eat all the crops that grow. We need food that can be directly converted into energy, and there is only so much of it."</em> 

As they neared the city, Blaze peeped out the carriage window and noticed the towering battlements that were used as houses by some of the soldiers. 

Three massive bridges connected the two sides of the city, and despite the city being almost a yonder long, he could easily make them out from the carriage. The bridges seemed to be mainly used by trade carts drawn by bison. 

Bison, in name only, these lumbering creatures stood eight and a half feet at shoulder, and along with their magnificent rumps and towering horns of ivory they seemed even more colossal. And as they rambled their way over the bridges, billows of smoky breath streamed out of their massive nostrils, dampening their thick coats of fur. 

While the roads were occupied by the bison, the skies were filled with flying angels, Pegasi riders, carriages, and Gryphons. The flapping eagle wings of the Gryphons strained against gravity to keep their heavy lion bodies afloat and wind licked through their feathers and furry body. They were smaller than the Pegasi, but the glint of their talons, their rippling muscles, and the penetrating gaze of their eyes made them look like an apex predator of the skies. 

Blaze's eyes only lingered on the creatures for a moment, before he was drawn to the city itself. Though the housing and buildings were built in an amalgam of pre-industrial English and Italian architecture, they melded into the lush vegetation that pervaded the cityscape. It was almost like a symbiosis of angelmade structures and plant life, reminding him of the depiction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon he had seen on earth. 

His gaze quickly shifted to the central palace as the carriage flew unhindered over the walls. The palace spanned the eastern banks of the river, and its complex mix of Persian and Indian architecture - rounded and heavily etched domes, towering spires and numerous palatial buildings - was a stark contrast to the rest of the city. 

The palace was surrounded by six manors, smaller than the Marigold chateaux of Cali but grander and taller. Surrounding them were twelve smaller ones and all of them possessed their own unique style. 

"Both those are ours," Elyssa leaned over him and pointed towards two of the larger mansions to the west of the palace. "One is Mom's and the other is Mum's," she continued sheepishly. 

"Sheesh! Someone's rich. Why don't you give me one?" he joked. 

"No one's keeping you from using them." 

When they landed in front of the left mansion, they were once again received by the elegant duchess garbed in a blue and white dress; her hair was held up in a curly blonde fontange. This time however, she was accompanied by a familiar figure. 

Astrid stood beside her with a wide grin on her face, wearing a short eggplant-purple silken blouse and skirt. Roomy sleeves hung off the sides of her top, revealing her small tanned shoulders. She seemed a bit more modestly dressed than Blaze remembered. 

As they walked up the stairs, Blaze took in the manor. It was a three storied structure with a grey brick exterior that was tastefully interspersed with white marble - at the partitions of rooms, floors and around the large arched windows. A central tower with four spires projected from its roof, each with a small viewing area. 

A wide road of cobbled grey stone led to the manor from a massive arched gate. In front of the building, a fountain of mottled green marble shaped like a pine tree filled the air with a steady gurgle of water. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"What are <em>you</em> doing here?" Elyssa asked Astrid, giving her mother a hug. 

"Just felt like celebrating the Regnbage festival at the capital. It's been a while since I met my friends at Saket. I've got to keep track of the latest fashion too," Astrid replied cheerily. 

"Hey Astrid!" Blaze greeted. Turning to the duchess, he gave a short bow and a roll of his right hand - the <em>Ama,</em> "You look as beautiful as ever, aunt Annie!" 

"I see you've given her some lessons, Elyssa," she smiled at them. "Astrid was quite adamant in coming. I think you've got some competition," 

Blaze wasn't sure if the duchess meant that Elyssa and he were competing for Astrid's affections, or if it was the two girls competing for his. He gave Astrid a knowing look, but she turned her head and pretended to not notice. <em>Two can play that game,</em> he decided. 

"Blaze can have her," Elyssa snorted. "Do you have something for us to help you with today, mum? Or can we go out and have some fun?" 

"I have some stuff to do, dear, but you don't have to worry about it. Go out and enjoy the festivities. Miss Rebecca should be arriving soon, so you might want to wait for her," Anastasia replied, leading them into the mansion. 

Astrid led the trio, exaggeratedly swaying her hips like she wanted to tease him. <em>How does she even know to do that,</em> he thought, resisting the urge to give her perky rump a light smack. 

Inside the drawing room (living room), hanging over the fireplace was a large painted picture of Elyssa, the duchess, and the general, posing in front of the very same fireplace. 

Blaze had imagined the general to be a towering muscular woman with a loud and jovial personality. In the picture however, she only seemed a couple of inches taller than diminutive Anastasia. 

General Lynn Sturm was portrayed with reddish hair held in a short but thick ponytail and thick locks of hair covering her brow. There was a serious look in her sharp, dark green eyes, her angled eyebrows, and pursed lips. 

With prominent cheekbones and a strong chin, tanned skin, and wide set shoulders beneath the silvery grey armor she was painted in, she was undeniably handsome. 

A thin but visible scar ran diagonally across her left eyebrow and down her cheekbone. Angels usually healed quite fast and most scars disappeared within a decade. So, this one was either new or there was something more to it. 

"The meeting of the delegates is going to be held at the HU building, around one in the afternoon tomorrow. We are expected towards the end of the meeting at around three," Anastasia started, drawing Blaze's attention. "Princess Ila's party starts at seven. At least you young ones will be expected to attend," she finished. 

Princess Ila was the granddaughter of the Aranyan queen, Nirva Sahasya. 

"At the palace?" Elyssa asked. 

"At the Alaka gardens," she replied. "Within the palace grounds," she added for Blaze's sake. 

"What are you going to wear for the costume party, aunty?" Blaze asked her curiously. He couldn't imagine a suitable costume for the poised and elegant angel. 

"It is not a strict requirement for the older angels, Blaze Er. And I might not even attend it. But you lot are expected to use your imaginations," she said as if she could read his mind. 

"Darn!" 

Elyssa quickly showed Blaze around the manor and they spent time chatting in the luxurious drawing room until Rebecca arrived a little before lunch. For once, Rebecca wasn't wearing a corset, and was instead garbed in a red full sleeved top and a white short skirt which were both skin tight. 

"Aunt Becky!" Blaze pretended to be extra excited as he hugged her and crushed his face into her buxom cleavage. In fact, he was excited for a very different reason and Rebecca hugged him tight and pushed him further into her cleavage. 

She quickly greeted the duchess and the others over his head, before asking to be excused for a moment, taking Blaze and telling him to lead her to his room. 

He tried to search her face for answers, but she single-mindedly led him upstairs as if she knew where she was going. Once on the third floor, however, Blaze had to show her to his room. 

"What is it, Aunty?" he asked, worried. <em>Had something happened to Jie Er or Sky?</em> 

Rebecca did not reply. She closed the door behind them and purposefully walked up to the nearest wall. She placed her hands against it, spread her legs apart, shuffled backwards and leaned in. 

Raising her skirt over her butt, she swiftly pushed her netted thong aside. It was quite an exquisite piece of underwear, but Blaze couldn't care much for it when her thin pink slit was staring right back at him. 

<em>Has she gone mad over my dick?</em> He wondered at her actions. 

"Do me!" she told him firmly, without any foreplay. 

"What's this about?" he asked. Rebecca was adventurous, but she wasn't usually this hasty when it came to sex. 

"I <em>missed</em> it. Doing it with Jie Er is good, but it leaves me feeling empty. I don't know if she feels the same way, but she isn't complaining. Either way, I need your thing <em>now</em>!" she replied, a little restlessness creeping into her voice. 

"But what's the hurry?" Blaze asked, slightly lowering his shorts and pulling his thing out. They only had time for a 'quick bang bang' or a 'quickie' as some preferred to call it. So, he didn't bother to completely remove them and neither did Rebecca. 

He walked up to the horny angel and placed his member against her slit, finding it to be already slightly wet. <em>Was this his fault or Rebecca's?</em> he wondered as he brushed it over her. She did seem to go at things with full steam and maybe she had become hooked on it. 

"Put the damn thing in, already! We don't have much time," she complained from the front, turning her head to give him a seductive glare. 

Blaze shrugged his shoulders and shoved in. If she didn't need foreplay, neither did he. It went in smoothly and despite her tightness, Blaze found out how much she wanted him, her depths completely slick with her desire. 

He grabbed her naked hips and started slowly moving in and out of her 

"So, what's the hurry?" he repeated. "We are here until Morndas," he asked, slightly increasing his speed. 

"My mother lives in Aranya. I will be -<em>ooo</em>- staying at her house tonight. I want to introduce you, so you should -<em>ahhh!</em>- come for a visit in the evening. <em>Yes! Just like that. Do it faster</em>!" she cried as Blaze's thrusts seemed to fill her void with a heat that had proved to be elusive in the past couple of weeks. 

"You have a mother?" Blaze grunted in surprise and pleasure. 

"Of course, I do! Not everyone pops out of nowhere. <em>Mmh</em>." 

"I guess so. It's just that I don't recall you ever mentioning her. Anyway, I can just stay over there for tonight. I am sure Ely will understand." 

"Is that so? <em>uh... uh...</em> I am not inviting you to stay over because my mum has only one room<em>... uh...</em> and something about letting her sleep with you in the same room doesn't feel right. <em>Mmmmh.</em>" 

"Hey! I don't do grannies." 

"So, you say. Now put a little strength into it, youngster. I know you have it in you." She yearned to be filled, by his cock, his seed, for the hot feeling of him emptying himself inside her stretched cunt. 

Blaze obliged, slamming into her forcefully and sending a ripple across her tight ass. He leaned forward to grab her arms and pulled them behind her, just so he could fuck her harder. 

"<em>Ah!</em> <em>That's it!</em> <em>I've missed this.</em> Give me MORE!" Rebecca started voicing her pleasure. It was something new, and Blaze wondered if she had developed it over the past couple of weeks. 

<em>THUD</em>, the door to their room suddenly flew open. 

Rebecca quickly stood up and hastily adjusted her skirt as she turned towards the door and tried to look casual. Blaze hurriedly tried to hide his cock, before he noticed who it was. 

"What are you doing here, Miss Alice?" he asked, looking bemused. He had thought that the angel's penchant for stepping in at the wrong time was only reserved for the headmistress. 

Rebecca was initially worried, but on noticing Blaze's casual reaction she stopped herself from doing anything drastic like knocking the poor secretary out. 

Alice only seemed to have eyes for his erect member. She looked a bit flustered but remained unapologetic. Blaze had half a mind to simply push Rebecca down and do her while Alice watched the show. In fact, he might've done just that if the duchess wasn't expecting them to show up for lunch. 

"Just here to say hello, Miss Blaze. I am to attend the meeting on behalf of Tir and the duchess has kindly allowed me to stay at the manor. I hope you don't mind," she explained, not even bothered about her sudden intrusion. 

"Of course not, Alice. But, can you please give us the room for a little?" Blaze asked. His raging rod was out of its home and he couldn't wait to get it back to where it belonged. 

"Oh yes, right. I am sorry. Will see you later, Ms. Blaze. I would've stayed for lunch, but I've been assigned some work for the wise one," Alice said, before hesitantly stepping out. Blaze noticed the flash of disappointment that crossed her face as she left. 

"Is she from the academy?" Rebecca raised a questioning brow. She wasn't pleased with the intrusion. 

"Yeah. She is the headmistress's secretary, and it's not the first time she has done this. She seems harmless enough though. Anyway, you want to finish what we started?" he asked her hopefully. 

Rebcca sighed and shook her head. "It's alright, Blaze Er. We are getting late for lunch. I am sure we will get another chance over the weekend, without intrusive angels ruining the mood," she said, taking his hand and following after the secretary. 

<em>It's not alright for me! And I really need to train this secretary,</em> he cursed in his mind. 

After Alice took her leave, the five angels had a sumptuous lunch. Anastasia explained more about the meeting and the party, and what was expected of Blaze. He was reassured to know that he was only there to be seen and the 'adults' wouldn't ask him anything that might put him in a spot. 

He could be himself as long as he didn't openly provoke anyone, especially the Malakim and the Seraphim who were both quick to take offence. She said that the princess might also be interested in him, but it would be more of a casual curiosity rather than attempting to recruit him. 

The Righteous fury did not give an angel any extraordinary strength by itself, and the angels would not read too much into his strength before he proved himself. Its importance lay in what it represented. True righteousness was important to all angels, but even more so for the Malakim and the Seraphim. 

It was true that having wings and defeating a fourth year Houri in his first year were quite some accomplishments, but similar feats had been done before. Ely at thirty-three had defeated a sixty-five-year-old Erelim chosen who was known for her skill in battle. Moreover, it was hard to gauge his future accomplishments. He had potential, but he was still an angel. 

*** 

After lunch, Rebecca, Blaze and Elyssa took a carriage to explore the city. Astrid had parted with them, saying that she had to meet her other friends, leaving Blaze a little disappointed. He contended himself with the fact that he had two days to get to her. 

The first order of the day for the three of them was purchasing suitable costumes for the party. There were a couple of famous stores in Sekat that Ely usually frequented, but she suggested that it would be more fun to search the bazaar of the common folk; Regnbage festival meant that there would be a huge fair. 

The trio got down at the entrance of the bazaar and Ely sent her driver and carriage away. 

The bazaar was a vast area to the west of the river, near the southern bridge of Sekat. It was the first week of Sun's Dusk and a cold wind blew from the north, only to be obstructed by the high walls of the city. A warm midday sun shone over the bazaar, heating the ground and making the air rise to meet the cold front flowing over the city. It made the city and the bazaar humid, permeating the cornucopia of smells that arose from the food vendors, spice sellers, perfumed toys and clothes, and the scented stores that made up the streets of the bazaar. 

A steady stream of angels flew to the bazaar and if anyone dared to fly over it, they could only be seduced by the titillating smells that rose up in the heated draft. Blaze had learned the population of Saket to be around 100,000 but currently there were at least twice that number in the city. 

Being angels, haggling was muted, and shouting was kept to a minimum. Yet, the sound of clarion laughter pervaded the air despite the abundant foliage trying its best to muffle the sounds. 

As they made their way through the maze of cobbled streets, Blaze spotted a street vendor that immediately drew his attention. 

"Cotton Candy!" he screamed in delight and rushed to the elderly looking angel dressed in a simple cotton wrap-around. A sheen of moisture adorned her forehead as she spun the sugar in a rapidly rotating, hand driven machine. Angels didn't sweat but it was possible for moisture to condense on their skins. 

A rainbow of cotton candy sticks lined the frames of the stall and he picked three different colors. A brown one of for Elyssa, a red one for Rebecca, and a pink one for himself. He hated pink, but pink food was another story. He hopped back merrily to the other two and handed them their treats. 

"These are for <em>kids</em>," Ely commented, despite giving the sugary delicacy a lick with her small red tongue. Rebecca simply laughed as she took hers. 

"I <em>am</em> a kid," Blaze corrected as he devoured the soft and fluffy strawberry flavored cloud. He didn't usually have a sweet tooth but there was something different about cotton candy; maybe it was nostalgia. 

"Only when it is convenient for you," Ely quipped. Her brown one was flavored of hot chocolate and she started to enjoy it. Soon, the three were sharing each other's candy and the humidity made their fingers and lips a sticky mess. 

*** 

The expansive fair was themed for the Regnbage festival and finding costumes proved to be easier than Blaze anticipated. One of the first things they came across was a life-sized toy scythe at a local weaponsmith, who had converted her shop into a toy weapon store for the festival. 

With a six-foot-long wooden handle, and a blunted but intricately carved wooded blade, the black and red coloring made it a scary and impressive looking toy. It had a steep price tag of seventy-five aur, but Elyssa bought it without a second thought. 

"Do you have anything that can pass off as a long needle?" Blaze asked the brunette. 

"I have bodkin point arrows, but I don't want you to hurt yourself with them. Tell me what you are trying to dress up as. Maybe I could make something suitable," the angel replied with a wide smile. Seventy-five aur was good money to make in a day, though the craftsmanship implied that the scythe took a lot more effort and time to create. 

"Txiki's needle," Blaze replied hesitantly, unsure of how the smith would react. In the myth, Txiki's choice of weapon was an epee in the shape of a needle. 

"If you give me a couple of hours, I could whip up something suitable, made of wood. It will cost you extra..." she replied, introspectively. 

"I don't need anything exp-" 

"Here's 10 aur. Make something good. We will be back in a couple of hours," Ely decided for him. 

*** 

The next thing they found was also Ely's: a black hooded cloak from a street-side vendor. 

Rebecca ran into something she loved at a clothing store; a pale blue armor set. It was a complete set with thigh high greaves, vambraces, pauldrons, gauntlets, and a spartan-like helmet. A crown of white faux gryphon feathers adorned the helmet. The cuirass, however, was quite skimpy even with the black leotard to go underneath it. 

"What's it supposed to be?" Blaze asked the obvious question as Rebecca hungrily checked them out. 

"Kolgotki!" she exclaimed, before explaining who they were. 

The Kolgotki were a group of mythical warriors from Anjalnebo, a country to the north of Xian. The legend was that three hundred Kolgotki repelled a demon invasive force of ten thousand by paying a great cost to their lives. It was much before Hela's time. 

<em>Kolgotki! Tonight, you shall dine in my bedroom,</em> Blaze shouted in his mind, as Becky jubilantly confirmed her purchase. 

Afterwards, they ran into a couple of nice black dresses for Elyssa, but she wasn't satisfied with any. So, they begrudgingly went to the largest store in the bazaar. They didn't have anything against the store but the three of them had come to an unsaid agreement that they would buy their costumes at a common stall. 

But they had spent a good two hours going around the fair and they were a little frustrated, even though they had enjoyed the games, food, and interesting doodads that the fair offered. 

Blaze struck gold as soon as he entered the store. A green cotton blouse hung on one of the front racks, and it wasn't too revealing. It only had a narrow cut down the middle and it seemed like it would be a perfect fit. He ran around the store with the blouse in hand, weaving through the numerous shoppers, and soon found a red and black Scottish looking kilt that was <em>manly</em> enough for his tastes. 

Rebecca chose him a small waist sized green cape that could add to his look. Blaze got everything together and immediately went into the changing room to try them on. 

*** 

It was a large store and came with a proper changing room with a door. Blaze closed the door behind him but failed to notice the unoccupied sign hanging outside of the door. 

<em>Cool enough for a kid.</em> <em>Kinda like a kiddy</em> superhero, he thought as he appraised his costume and embracing his inner child. 

He removed his shift and quickly put on the blouse and cape, before pulling his boyshorts down. But before he could step out of them, the door to the room flew open. 

"Becky?" he started, but his words got stuck in his mouth, as he saw a surprised and unfamiliar face staring back at him. She was wearing a translucent black veil to cover her nose and mouth and he could only see her eyes. 

And oh, her eyes! They were big, and a deep purple. Slightly upturned with a dark winged eye lining, almost a contrast to Elyssa's. 

They drew him in like no other eyes had ever managed to do so before. He felt himself getting lost in their depths as his mind went haywire, imagining her thoughts, emotions and the secrets that she held behind them. They were absolutely beautiful. 

She smiled at him from under her veil and he saw her eyes scrunch up. Looking at her, he forgot to pull his shorts up and his member dangled out in the open. 

"Sorry. I didn't think someone was already using it," the girl apologized, but her eyes couldn't help but wander down his nakedness. 

"Unnatural?" she muttered reflexively, making Blaze grab her arm and pull her inside. She let out a small startled cry and dropped the black robe she was holding. Her current dress was a black and white wrap around that was traditional along the borders of Aranya and Zara'ard. 

She tried to placate him with her hands as Blaze was once again caught by her eyes. He was almost imprisoned within their depths as his mind raced, imagining infinite futures simply in their presence. He knew he had an effect on angels, but this was much more, and it was the girl that was causing it in return. 

"I am sorry, but don't worry. It's our secret. I will never reveal what I saw to anyone. It's a promise," she said, trying to reassure him, feeling a little unsure about her own safety. Her breathy voice had a lilt to it and carried a slight accent that was different than the Aranyan way of speaking. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
His grip on her hand tightened, but it had nothing to do with the fear of being exposed. He simply didn't want to let her go. He didn't want to let her eyes go. <em>Oh God! Why were they so beautiful?</em> 

"Oww," the girl cried out softly at his vice like grip, and he immediately let her go without thinking. 

"Look. I am sorry about intruding on you. I didn't mean it. I am an angel of my word. I will never reveal what I saw to anyone. I promise. You have to trust me," she beseeched him. Her words sounded sincere, but they didn't register in Blaze's mind. He just looked at her slack jawed. 

It took him a moment before he was able to nod like an idiot. 

"Thank you. I won't let you down," the girl replied with a slight hug. His body tensed under her touch as a heat that had nothing to with sexual desire filled his face. <em>Am I embarrassed?</em> That was ridiculous. Since when was <em>he</em> shy with the women of Azra-El. 

"What's your name?" he managed to splutter out as the girl reached for the door. 

She looked back unsurely. "Lynn," she answered. "Bye!" 

Blaze stood dazed, staring at the wooden door as it closed on him, as if it was exceptionally interesting. 

Suddenly, he came back to his senses. He quickly put on his kilt, grabbed the robe she had dropped, and rushed out the door. There was no sign of the angel. Rebecca and Ely were browsing to the far right of the store and seemed completely oblivious to what had transpired. 

"Hey! Did you see a young angel come this way?" he asked a nearby shop girl. In his daze, he hadn't even noticed how tall she was, let alone checking her energy aura. He had no idea how old she was. 

"I saw someone rush out the front door. Shoplifter?" she asked, noticing his expression. 

"No. She isn't!" he said before he ran out of the shop. He looked left and right along the gullies, but the girl was nowhere to be found. He asked the nearby shopkeepers and the angels strolling the streets, but it was almost as if she had disappeared into thin air. 

Rebecca and Ely came out looking for him. "What is going on?" Rebecca asked him, noticing his almost forlorn expression. 

"Ely! Do you know an angel named Lynn?" 

"Yeah, my m- I mean auntie Lynn." 

"No. I meant someone else. Someone younger." He would have said that she might be from Zara'ard, but the dress she was wearing was most likely a costume. And her accent was nothing like Seasht's 

"I can't think of anyone like that." 

Blaze sighed in disappointment. <em>Maybe I'll come across her at the party?</em> "By the way, I think I found something to go with the scythe," he deflected, showing her the robe the mysterious angel had dropped. <em>Is Lynn even her real name?</em> 

The trio returned to the shop for Ely to try it out and for Blaze to purchase his Txiki costume. 

It was a scanty black robe that hung off her shoulders and split into two narrow front and back pieces, completely revealing the sides of her body and breasts. The front piece split into two at her sternum from a small silver medallion and merged back under her belly button. A silver chain belt hanging low on her hips made the cloth cling to her body and had a couple of black tassels hanging from the sides. The robe was long, but it did nothing to hide her long and slim legs. 

Blaze couldn't complain about being caught by this soul reaper. With a wraith-like hooded cloak and a magnificent scythe in hand, Ely looked the part of sexy grim reaper - if that was even possible. 

"This is too revealing," Elyssa complained, trying to hide her skin but being completely unsuccessful at it. 

"It's perfect!" Blaze exclaimed, but then suddenly realized that he was looking at Elyssa. "Besides, I am sure Astrid will outdo you in the skimpiness department," he added, averting his eyes. 

Finally, after deciding on all their costumes, they headed back after picking up the Txiki needle on the way. Though rounded at the sharp end, she had modeled the weapon after a sowing needle. However, the wood she used was a deep mahogany, giving the needle a dangerous thorn-like appearance. 

Blaze and Rebecca parted with Elyssa at the bridge, after he whispered to her that he might be staying the night at Rebecca's mother's place. He knew Rebecca wanted him to go back to the manor for the night, but it only made him want to stay more. 

oOo 

It was late in the afternoon by the time the two of them headed towards the middle-class section of the city. The architecture was a little down to earth but the vegetation was not, with vines and trees forming a synergy with the buildings. 

With Blaze in her arms, Rebecca slowly flew towards a small single storied detached house with a flat terrace. A whitewashed fence surrounded the tiny backyard with a vegetable garden, and a slightly larger front yard with a lush lawn. Colorful flowering shrubs dotted the fence line and the house sat under the shade of a golden leafed oak. 

A lonesome angel lounged at a garden table under the shade of the tree, sipping on a hot beverage and enjoying the comfortable warmth of the late afternoon sun. She noticed the angels flying towards her but made no movement of acknowledgement. 

"Have the Lou brought visitors to this old dame's home?" the angel said in mock surprise when Rebecca landed and let Blaze down, her voice mature yet playful. Lou were the warm winter winds of northern Aranya, blowing from the north-east in the afternoons. 

Aurnia Flynn was three hundred and twenty-seven years old, yet the only physical signs of her age were the lines under her eyes, which were mostly covered by the winged red mascara that complimented her magenta eyes. Her thick, deep crimson hair was tied in a comfortable top bun and a diamond shaped vermillion mark adorned the center of her forehead. 

"Hello, Ma," Rebecca replied dryly. 

"Oh my! I must be getting old to not even recognize my own daughter. Actually, when was the last time she visited me? I can't even remember. I think it's been years. Maybe that's the reason I don't recognize her anymore," Aurnia intoned, covering her lush red lips with a delicate hand and long fingers. 

The shadows of the leaves flickered along the pale skin of her chest and upper breasts, as the wind suddenly picked up and rustled the leaves. 

A loose crimson robe with a purple lining and painted golden flowers hung precipitously off the middle of her shoulders and the large mounds of her breasts. 

"Stop with the theatrics, <em>Ma</em>. It's only been a little over seven months." 

"So you claim." Aurnia switched her legs over one another, picking up her cup of tea and sipping at it. Her legs were smooth, long and a pale white. And, completely naked. The hems of the robe were split at her cloth belt and hung along the sides of the metallic garden chair. 

<em>Fuck, this granny is hot!</em> Blaze thought, regretting his promise to Rebecca. 

"So, who is this?" she asked after giving Rebecca a moment to suffer under the awkwardness of her scrutiny. 

"She is your granddaughter," Rebecca answered with a straight face. 

"Hello, grandma!" Blaze went along with the joke. 

Aurnia swallowed her tea through the wrong entrance and started sputtering over the liquid. 

"You must be joking!" she exclaimed, aghast. <em>Was she really losing her memory? Has it really been that long since she had met her daughter?</em> Blaze's red hair added credibility to Rebecca's statement. 

"Yeah, Ma. How could you forget your own granddaughter? You were there when she hatched, twenty winters back. You even pulled her out of the egg. Do you even remember what year this is?" Rebecca asked in pretend concern, while Blaze furiously nodded his head. 

Aurnia almost began to question her sanity, but she noticed the mirth behind their eyes. "Hmph, now you resort to tricking your old mother. O' Hathor, what have I done while raising this child to warrant such behavior?" she said. 

"I am sorry, Ma." Rebecca gave in. "You know it gets busy when the demons are looming at our borders." 

"All the more reason to visit your Ma, no? I know I did. Anyway, who is the kid?" She knew that it couldn't be her granddaughter, but the two of them seemed awfully close. 

"Maybe you should put the tea aside for a moment. I don't need you croaking over a stupid beverage. You'll probably decide to haunt me over it." 

Aurnia set the tea aside as her eyes narrowed in interest. 

"Heard of the Righteous fury?" 

*** 

Over the next half hour, Rebecca told their story to her mother and why she was there. Though initially astonished, Aurnia's amazement soon turned to excitement and then laughter as Rebecca told of her first interaction with Blaze. 

"You got fooled and then defeated by a twenty-year-old?" she roared with laughter. "Little one, can I disown Becky and adopt you instead?" 

"Of course, Mon Aurnia. Why would I say no to that? You're funnier <em>and</em> prettier than aunt Becky." 

"Ha ha. Veeery funny," Rebecca replied dryly. 

"So, you're living with Jie Er?" Aurnia asked, her tone suddenly a bit measured. 

"It's not what you imagine, Ma. It's just convenient and fun," she replied. <em>For now.</em> 

Though not all pairings resulted in a two-parent child, like Elyssa, it wasn't very uncommon for angels to form pairs. In fact, the Hashmallim, the society of love, stressed on such bonds. However, such bonds were mostly the platonic kind. 

"Mmhmm. Well, why don't we go cook some dinner? I wasn't expecting guests, so I only have leftovers from lunch." 

Blaze spent the evening helping the Flynns cook and eating a simple but delicious dinner. Aurnia was an entertaining host and she had innumerable stories to tell, both real and mythical. 

"It's getting late, Ma. Let me drop Blaze off at the duchess manor. I will be back in a bit," Rebecca said after a long conversational dinner. 

"She can just stay here for the night, Becky." 

"It's a manor, Ma. I am sure Blaze would prefer to stay over there," Rebecca brushed her off. 

"Actually, I'd rather stay here and listen to Mon Aurnia's stories." He had no intentions towards the older angel, but he did like to mess around with Rebecca. Moreover, he genuinely wanted to spend more time with her. 

Rebecca narrowed her eyes at him. 

"The duchess and Elyssa may be waiting for-" 

"I already told her that I may be staying over." 

"Then it's decided. Blaze Er will stay the night and the two off you can head over to the manor the first thing in the morning," Aurnia decided without room for argument. "Let me quickly change into my nightgown. You two can change afterwards. I am sorry for the only room, Blaze Er. I bought this place after Becky moved out, and I've had no reason to build more. I hope you don't mind." 

"I don't, Mon Aurnia." 

Rebecca waited for her mother to leave the room before she whispered angrily. "I swear, you little twerp. If you try anything with my mom, you're going to get a real spanking." 

"Oi! I already told you that I don't do grannies," Blaze replied in offense. 

"You better remember that!" 

Aurnia came out in a simple and roomy cotton gown. It was short but not too revealing over her thighs, and Blaze was somewhat grateful for it. 

Rebecca and Blaze followed suit and they all chatted a little more before they headed to bed. At six feet wide, though a little cramped, the bed was large enough for three angels. 

While listening to an interesting tale about a quadruplet set of angels who could each see only six hours a day, Blaze unconsciously took his place between the two angels. He was used to sleeping in between Jie Er and Rebecca. 

Noticing it too late, Rebecca could only glare at him while he feigned innocence. Contrary to Rebecca's fears however, Blaze and her mother soon fell asleep; Blaze in mid story and Aurnia a little later. She sighed in relief and closed her eyes. 

*** 

Blaze awoke in the middle of the night to a soft and springy pressure against his groin. He was lying sideways on his left arm and Aurnia's naked butt was poking into his groin, as she lay curled up on her side. Her short gown had ridden over her butt at some point during the night. 

<em>Shit!</em> Blaze's member rose up under his long but flimsy shift and began poking into her soft skin. He lay unmoving as he tried to control his raging dick. It was against his <em>principles</em> to go after grannies, even if they looked like a sexy forty-year old. He had also given his word to Rebecca. 

Unfortunately, he couldn't keep his eyes from roaming downwards, and the dim glow of the night light shone over her naked butt, revealing two nicely shaped mounds of pale skin. He immediately scooted towards Rebecca, trying to get away from the two temptresses. 

He shut his eyes and tried to go back to sleep, but the image was stuck in his mind and an aroused dick meant no sleep. <em>A touch wouldn't hurt, would it?</em> he thought as his eyes once more wandered down. 

<em>I am just curious,</em> he convinced himself, and his hand moved on its own volition to lightly brush her butt cheek. He paused a moment, before placing his palm over it. He waited for Aurnia to show signs of waking, before he squeezed it a little and felt it. It was softer than Rebecca's, but just as springy. 

<em>"What are you doing!"</em> a harsh whisper drove his hand away from Aurnia. 

<em>"Tis' not my fault. It was like this when I woke up,"</em> he defended himself hastily, pointing towards Aurnia protruding butt. He didn't put it past Rebecca to really give him a spanking. 

<em>"Then why was your hand on her butt?"</em> 

<em>"umm... it was a mistake... and Granny's got a hot butt."</em> 

Rebecca sighed in exasperation. The way her mom was sleeping did suggest that there was some truth to his words. <em>"Just close your eyes and go to sleep! We will talk about this in the morning."</em> 

<em>"Hey! I tried... Also, it was your fault to stop in the middle this morning. Now, I can't seem to get it down,"</em> he turned around and complained, trying to put the blame on her so she wouldn't chew him out in the morning. 

She reached down into his shift and felt his member as if she was confirming his statement. Blaze donned an expression that screamed "See!", when she felt his dick to be in fact hard and hot. 

<em>"That's why I told you to go back. Whatever! Just use my butt,"</em> she whispered with another sigh, getting up and covering them with a quilt she pulled out from her space ring. Angels didn't use blankets unless it was really cold, or they were used to having one over them. 

Blaze stared at her in amazement. He hadn't anticipated this turn of events. He gave her a knowing grin. 

<em>"Take that smirk off your face! I am doing this for you,"</em> she muttered, quickly turning around and lifting her shift over her butt. Though he had been aroused by Aurnia's, Blaze wasn't the one to complain over minor details. 

He immediately placed his greedy hand on her ass and gave her a tight squeeze. 

<em>"Just don't put it inside."</em> 

<em>"What? Why?"</em> 

<em>"I don't want her to wake up to my moans,"</em> 

<em>"Oh!"</em> he muttered in understanding, pulling out his dick and brushing it against her crack. 

He gently lifted her upper cheek and placed his prick in the embrace of her butt cheeks, before reaching into her shift and sneaking a hand towards her breasts. Soon, he was grinding into her as he squeezed and massaged her soft and majestic breasts. 

Rebecca endured his ministrations as she tried to concentrate on other things. She had come to Saket as a horny angel and Blaze's touch and the cock between her cheeks did not help in reducing her arousal. His hot breath against her neck made it even worse. 

After a minute or two, he gently raised her thigh to push his cock against her slit and let her leg fall back over his length. The warm wetness helped him rub his shaft against her. 

<em>"mnh,"</em> a light groan escaped her lips before she shut them tight. <em>"Can you make it quicker?"</em> 

Blaze thought for a moment before he replied. <em>"It will be easier if we are both naked.</em> 

Rebecca turned around and glanced at her sleeping mother before sitting up. Smoldering at Blaze, she pulled her shift over her head, revealing her gorgeous breasts. Little did she realize that her smolder was making things worse. 

The younger angel quickly discarded his shift and dove at her lips, bringing her body underneath him. Rebecca hurriedly covered them with the quilt as she tried to respond to his passion. 

After ravishing her lips and leaving her breathless, Blaze quickly moved down to her breasts. She hastily closed her legs, not knowing if Blaze was still himself. She wanted him inside her but didn't think she could control her voice if they went any further. 

Blaze took a breast into his mouth and started sucking on one nipple as he used his fingertips to play with the other. His legs straddled her wide hips and both their bodies began grinding into each other; his member and hips pressing deeply into her taut stomach. 

Another moan escaped Rebecca's lips and Aurnia stirred in her sleep. She muttered something about an uncaring daughter and turned over on her stomach. 

The two fornicating angels went still in fear, before slowly glancing at the older angel. Her head was turned away from them, but she still appeared to be fast asleep. 

Blaze's eyes couldn't help traveling down the narrow and low valley of her lower back and up the steep slopes of her naked hills. He felt he could see underneath her crack, as one of her legs lay sprawled to the side. 

<em>"Eyes up here!"</em> an angry whisper pulled his gaze away. He looked up into Rebecca's reddish pink eyes, gave a quick kiss on her jaw and continued his silent work. 

Rebecca put a hand against her lips and closed her eyes to simply enjoy the feeling of his mouth on her breasts, hoping he would come soon. She wasn't sure if she'd be able to sleep afterwards, but she at least wanted him to have a good night's sleep. The next day was important for him. 

However, how could grinding against her stomach be enough for him? Her eyes flew wide open as she felt him raise his hips and line his member over her slit. 

"Hey!" 

<em>"Just putting it between your thighs,"</em> he whispered back, and Rebecca could only agree. Her willpower was only enough to hold herself back from taking his cock into her hand and shoving it inside herself. 

She slightly opened her legs and Blaze moved in between them before she closed them. 

With his member firmly lodged between the grip of her thighs, Blaze wrapped his arms around her small waist, placed his head between her cleavage and started slowly pumping his hips into hers. He tried his best not make any noise against her thighs. 

His slow and measured movements, and the ominous presence of her sleeping mother made Rebecca wetter. The thrill of being caught caused her slit to start leaking and covered his cock in her arousal. 

She tried to hold on, but it only got harder with each passing moment. <em>"Heck!"</em> she finally cried in frustration. Her knees and thighs subconsciously opened a little, and Blaze took it as a sign of wanting more. He angled his tip and penetrated her flowing warmth. 

Rebecca's body and neck arched up like a cat, in surprise and in pleasure. She finally gave in and wrapped her arms around his head. However, her knees were still together and made her walls tighter than normal. 

As he fucked her, one of her hands moved down to his butt while her other held his head against herself. She squeezed his tight cheeks as she allowed the heat and pleasure to spread throughout herself, continuously hoping her mother wouldn't wake up in the middle of an orgasm. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze wrapped his hands around her shoulders and raised his head to look into her eyes. He used his strength and hips to strongly and firmly grind into her groin and stomach, moving his body like the pressure of a masseuse's hands. He was pretty sure his dick did the same inside her. 

<em>"Close my mouth,"</em> Rebecca breathed, looking back at him with the same amount of passion he had for her. 

Blaze gave Aurnia a quick glance before covering Becky's mouth with his hand. He loved the plushy touch of her wet lips against his fingers and he dug his hips deeper. He felt a hot and heavy breath against his hand and saw the vibrations of her throat as a muffled throaty groan escaped her lips. 

Not allowing Rebecca the opportunity to reconsider, he applied more pressure on her lips, extending a knee out and using its leverage to grind into her faster and firmer. She responded by gripping him even more tightly and started licking his fingers in sync with the movement of his hips. 

Rebecca's muffled moans and whimpers filled the otherwise silent room and the two angels started getting lost in their lust. 

It was a miracle that Aurnia did not wake up to her sounds. The only consolation was that the bed was firm and made from a heavy wood, and it barely made any noise against the tiled floor. 

<em>"mmmmmmhhhh."</em> Rebecca's eyes flew open and her body gave a final shudder. She crushed Blaze into her bosom and shivered as her fluids flooded his cock. He obviously chose to let go at that moment, wanting to join her and feel their bodies thrash together as their combined orgasms hit them. 

He spread his knees, placed his face against her breast, and repeatedly pushed his hips into her as he continuously released himself into her depths. 

After their orgasms slowly subsided, Blaze moved his hand away from her mouth and Rebecca let out a long and contended sigh. 

"What are you doing?" they suddenly heard Aurnia's soft voice. Blaze immediately closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep, even though his head was turned the other way and most of it was under the quilt. Thankfully, their bodies were also mostly covered by the quilt. 

Rebecca nervously glanced at her mother. "Er... Blaze Er was feeling a little cold..." 

Aurnia curiously examined their positions. It was hard to miss that Blaze was lying on top of Rebecca and was using her naked breast as a pillow. "You seem quite close," she observed. 

"I love her dearly, mother," Rebecca replied sincerely, and Blaze's hug tightened. 

"You should just hatch a kid of your own and make me a real grandmother," Aurnia sighed wishfully. 

"It will happen when the time comes. Just go to sleep, Ma," Rebecca admonished, and turned Blaze and herself around. 

Even though he was in no way ready to have a kid, in that moment, Blaze wished that angels could get pregnant. He tightly clutched her back and snuggled into her soft breasts, and Rebecca returned the hug with the same fervor by wrapping him within her arms and legs. They slowly drifted into sleep to the rapid but rhythmic beat of their hearts, leaving his member inside her to slowly shrink and dislodge on its own. 

oOo 

Aurnia made them a quick breakfast the next morning. And before they left, Rebecca promised to visit her later in the evening, while Blaze invited her to visit Varan. 

He really liked the old lady and her stories. He had missed twenty years of growing up in this world, and stories and myths were one of the best ways to fill that cultural gap. 

They met up with Elyssa and Astrid at the manor and decided to attend the Regnabage parade. The duchess didn't require their presence until midafternoon. 

The Aranyan carnival was the second largest Regnbage celebration, after the one held at the capital of the Holy Caledonian Empire, and they had to get into their costumes to attend the festival. 

Blaze had been looking forward to Astrid's costume, but when he saw it, he couldn't help but be slightly disappointed. It wasn't that it was not lovely, but she proved his words wrong. On the other hand, he did have fun <em>helping</em> Rebecca with the various parts of her Kolgotki armor. 

Astrid wore a skin tight, golden yellow leather suit with a wide cleavage that plunged deep into her groin. The suit went down to her knees but had wide tapered openings at the sides, starting from her underarms. A couple of red knee-high boots and a red arm cannon finished her costume. 

"What are you supposed to be, Samus?" Blaze asked her drolly. 

"Samus?" 

"She is Night Angel in her super cannon outfit!" Elyssa answered almost too quickly, and Blaze gave her an appraising look. He had never seen her enthusiastic over Astrid's outfits. 

"Who's that?" 

"You don't know <em>the</em> Night Angel? You should read my collection!" Elyssa replied eagerly and proceeded to tell him all about her. 

Night Angel was a series of illustrated books about Nychta Iustitia, a young reporter, who comes upon a strange costume when she goes to survey an archeological dig site. She soon finds out that the costume can change into different suits which specialize in giving her various powers. So, using her daytime job as a cover, Nychta takes up the alter ego of Night Angel to fight crime in a fictional city of angels and demons. 

<em>Turns out, Ely is a comic book nerd.</em> "You are a fan too?" Blaze asked Astrid, more surprised about her liking such things. 

"No, but she has good outfits." 

*** 

The angels were dropped off at the outskirts of the Central Plaza. Flying within the bounds of the plaza and the procession route was banned, as it was hazardous to have so many angels flying in a small space. 

The procession had yet to start by the time they arrived, but the plaza was already full, with at least ten thousand angels crammed into its grounds. 

Ten massive floats were lined up the center of the plaza and angels in a rainbow of colors gradually filled them. 

Blaze finally understood why it was called the Regnbage festival. The nine floats, following the leading dragon head, represented the nine colors of the angel rainbow. Angels had a keener color perception and they divided the rainbow into nine distinct colors. 

The costumes were stylish, flashy, and more times than not, gaudy. They wore all sorts of ornaments, colorful capes, plumes that were too large for being practical, and they danced. They danced to the slow pleasant strum of lutes, wind organs and an occasional cymbal, setting a steady transition what was to come. 

Blaze looked around in wonder as he was reminded of the Rio carnival from Earth. He had only heard about it, but he always imagined it to be a lot of fun. 

Various food stalls from all over the Heavenly Union stood along the outer edges of the plaza and an assortment of dishes was available for them to try: bison milk treats of Aranya, buttery scones filled with cream, sweet and sour mixtures of fried flakes, seashell shaped chocolates of Vaikunheim, Poutine, fowl rice of Kahyangan, and salted and fired kebabs from Zara-ard. 

Blaze and Rebecca made a beeline for them, dragging Elyssa along, and Astrid absentmindedly followed with her eyes on the various costumes of the angels. 

A soothing but upbeat music pervaded the plaza as they made their way around the carnival, making conversation and lightly dancing along with the merry angels. The dancing of the angels was not the vigorous kind and there wasn't anything sensuous to it, despite the nature of some of their clothing. <em>Is it how the angels are or is it just the culture of Aranya?</em> Blaze wondered. 

Nevertheless, the dancing was very fluent. Wavy arms and bouncing feet unconsciously but naturally kept up with the rhythm of the music. It seemed all the angels present had an ear for music and a talent for dancing. There were a few younger angels and an odd one out that seemed to be offbeat, but it didn't look like anyone cared. 

"Do you guys want to get on one of the floats?" Astrid shouted over the hubbub. 

Rebecca agreed enthusiastically but Elyssa shook her head. "You know I don't dance, Astrid." 

"Who cares, 'Lyssa. It's Blaze's first time. Just free your feet a little. You get into a rhythm while <em>fighting</em>. It's the same. You just read the music instead of the battlefield," Astrid lilted, waving her arms and skipping a step. 

"I thought you were good at <em>everything</em>," Blaze teased, noticing that Ely's don't meant <em>can't</em>. 

"<em>Everything</em> that's useful," 

"Come on Ely, this Txiki is making his soulreaper dance in return for his soul," Blaze decided, taking her arm in his and pulling her towards the third float that was shaped like a fearsome looking crocodile. He would've preferred the dragon float, but it was reserved for the princess and her entourage. 

It wasn't that Blaze was good at dancing. In fact, he never danced; except in the solitude of his room or the one time he was wasted at a house party in college. But the anonymity the carnival provided, tickled his dancing bone. Dancing with meagerly clothed angels in a tight space didn't seem like such a bad idea either. 

As the four climbed up the ten-foot-high back of the crocodile, they realized that it was already quite full. However, the angels already on the float eagerly made room for all newcomers. 

Being a group of mostly young angels, the four were slowly pushed towards the center where they would be safer. Blaze couldn't complain. It meant more physical intimacy with strangers. A concept that would've turned him off on earth, but on Azra El it was something he looked forward to. 

"I better get your soul for this," Elyssa leaned in and tried to emulate a menacing whisper, her breath tickling the outer skin of his ear. 

"Oh no! Not my soul! You can have my body instead," Blaze cried out in mock fear, exaggeratedly leaning back on his waist. 

"I shall have both!" Elyssa laughed, encircling his neck with her hands. Blaze held onto them and started skipping on his knees, trying to get her to dance along with the music. 

Soon, the four made a small private circle of a few square feet and started getting into the rhythm. But right at that moment, a loud and systematic barrage of fireworks flew into the sky from each of the floats. 

They soared a few hundred feet into the sky and burst into large ephemeral figures of the float animals. A dragon, a pegasus, a crocodile, a gryphon, a Cerafent, a xenodon, a large mythical pouokai, an arctot, a bison, and the last one a carnike.  

They lit up the sky despite the morning sun and the angels gave out jubilant cries. The music turned a fervent chorus and the angels stopped dancing to look towards the leading float. 

A group of brilliantly dressed angels slowly, led by the first princess and her daughter, descended from the skies. 

They landed on the dragon head and another round of colored fireworks shot into the sky, embellishing the animal figures from before. 

"First Princess Kaur and her daughter, Princess Ila," an announcer cried as they stepped on the dragon dead. 

The tall and black-haired Princess Kaur turned to the gathered angels and addressed them, "Welcome angels of Aranya and those that have come from afar to bless us on this auspicious day. I hope you find the festival to be as you expected..." She went on and Blaze distracted himself with her dress. 

The peacock dress of the first princess was flashy, interesting and very exquisite. An immense cyan fan of green peacock eyes hung over shoulders, its colors shimmering and changing with the slightest of her movements. Aranya was known for its peacocks, but unlike their earthly counterparts, these creatures were good flyers. 

A short angel, not much older than Siofra, stood beside the first princess. Her dark blue hair swayed as she curiously scanned the audience with her large brown eyes. Her attire was similar to her mother's, except that it was a shimmering green and yellow and the skirt portion a little stiff. 

Blaze liked the girl but couldn't help being disappointed for an entirely egocentric reason. With how things were going for him, he had half expected the girl he had run into at the clothing store to be the princess of Aranya. 

"It's time to begin the festivities," princess Kaur finished, turning around and raising her hands high like a conductor of an orchestra. She brought them down in a graceful flourish and the drums, which Blaze hadn't even realized existed on the grounds, flared up in a deafening frenzy. Their spirit slowly spread outwards like a wave, with the dragon head as the epicenter. 

The beastling-costumed angels burst into a vigorous dance of beast like movements and started the procession, chased by the dragon float. The floats lurched forward and the angels on the float held onto each other. 

Blaze held onto Rebecca's and Ely's waists, while Astrid clutched onto Ely's hand. He noticed Astrid avoiding his touch, but he decided to play along and leave her be. There was time to work his <em>charms</em> on her. 

Once the speed of the floats stabilized, the angels on the float once again began dancing. By now the boat was so full that it almost felt like a tightly packed dance club on earth, with at least five hundred people on each float. It was amazing that they could withstand the resonating vibrations of angel feet against their floors. 

With the music picking up, Blaze and Elyssa found it harder and harder to keep up with the other graceful angels. 

Blaze understood why he was poor at dancing even though he was good at fighting. His fighting was based on reactionary movements rather than extraordinary footwork. Though he was nimble, he didn't think he was elegant. Elyssa on the other hand was simply beautiful to watch while fighting. He couldn't understand why it didn't translate to dancing. 

So, he took Elyssa's hands and hopped along with Rebecca, who tried teaching them an Irish jig. Astrid immediately mirrored her movements, but the other two remained awkward. Rebecca got tired of the clumsy duo and finally showed them the simplest of moves. Soon, the two of them had their hands on their waists and hopped to the beat of the drums. 

The procession slowly moved through the crowded main street of Sekat as angels from the streets, rooftops, tree tops and windows, watched and cheered. Some chose to join the procession while others simply danced with their friends and neighbors, throwing flowers and confetti as the procession crossed their paths. 

Blaze soon realized, much to his horror, that the reason most of the angels from the plaza chose to follow on foot was because the angels on the floats were expected to dance non-stop until the end of the procession. So, dance he did. 

The dancing angels didn't tend to stick around at one spot as they moved around, dancing with new people at every tune. 

Rebecca soon ran into a group of angels she knew from the army and after quickly asking Blaze if he minded, she joined them. Astrid was even more forward, disappearing at the first sight of a familiar face. 

Blaze didn't really care about them leaving the group as he himself wanted to dance with others. The angels who weren't conscious about their bodies, danced with him freely and their bodies casually brushed and collided against each other. 

Nevertheless, he didn't separate with Elyssa. Being one of two awkward dancers was easier than being by oneself. He also didn't want to leave her alone. Soon, the duo lost themselves in the music and the bodies of the hundreds of angels around him. 

Elyssa, who had been quite unsure about the whole thing, started to slowly enjoy herself. Having hatched as the daughter of a duchess, she had always been the center of attention, which made her conscious about her actions. However, among these carefree, merry angels, she could let herself go. Just like how she was with Blaze. 

When she realized that fact, she looked at the young angel trying to get in between two voluptuous semi naked angels dressed in flimsy pieces of vine and pretending to be river nymphs. She gave him a brilliant smile when he caught her eye. 

Blaze, thinking that she was just happy, took her hands and began to lead her in a crude waltz. It didn't really match with the music, but at that point no one really cared. 

But as all good things, the parade had to eventually come to an end. 

As the southern gates of Saket approached, the convoy slowed and came to a stop along with the music. 

"ANGELS!" the voice of princess Kaur boomed. "One last song to drive away the beastlings from our city." The dragon head opened its mouth at the end of her sentence and bellowed a great plume of fire over the heads of the beastlings, making the pretend beastlings scurry towards the gate. 

The music once again flared, accompanied by trumpets and other pipe instruments. It was the most upbeat of the music that had played since the start of the parade. So, Blaze and Ely linked their arms and started hopping on their feet, too tired for anything else. Txiki and her soul reaper dancing a happy duet made for a funny sight. 

The last song was longer than the rest and Blaze noticed Astrid dancing with a girl in a grey and black body suit, with her face covered in a cowl. 

He thought of joining them, but then decided to just stay with his best friend. She deserved the last song for herself. They danced until the song was over before collapsing to the ground in a fit of giggles. 

"Are you alright?" Astrid shouted at them from beside her latest dancing partner. 

"Yeah. Just tired. You coming?" Blaze shouted back. 

"Just a minute," she replied and said a few words to the girl before she turned to get back. 

The girl glanced at them and Blaze suddenly caught her eyes. <em>Oh.</em> He could not mistake those enchanting eyes. The girl smiled at him with her eyes and quickly turned away to meld into the crowd. 

"WAIT A MINUTE!" he screamed, coming back to his senses. He scrambled to his feet and ran after her, but just like before, she disappeared into thin air. <em>Was she a freaking ninja?</em> He was sure the Kamotochi had ninjas. 

"Who was that girl you were dancing with?" he came back to Astrid and asked her seriously. He didn't' want her flaky answers. 

"I don't know. She was wearing the nightingale costume of the Night Angel, so I decided to dance with her. She was quite fun to dance with. Did she do something to you?" she asked concernedly. 

"No, I just wanted to know who she was. I think I ran into her earlier. I need to talk to her about something. You have no idea who she is?" 

"No. Didn't seem like anyone I know." 

"Blaze Er! Do you want to do this next year as well?" Elyssa interjected, with all the fervor she had built up over the past couple of hours. The continuous dancing had put her in a high and she loved it. 

"Why don't you just take my soul instead," Blaze complained in humor. 

Rebecca soon showed up with her army mates and they all introduced themselves to Elyssa and Blaze. Elyssa was already famous, and Blaze's name had recently become well known. One was known for her exceptional strength and the other for his courage and righteousness. They chatted for a while before they split and headed back to the duchess' manor. 

oOo 

As the evening began to set in, Rebeccca and Blaze began to get into their dress clothes, a hint of nervousness setting in. 

Blaze quickly got into his red blouse, white silken half pants, and red and black boots. 

Rebecca's dress however, surprised him. He had expected her to come in her usual army corset, but instead, she wore a hot skin-tight red gown with a plunging v-neck that started from a choker of gold and went all the way down to her belly button.  

"I didn't think you'd have something like this," he commented wryly, openly ogling at her form. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"It my mom's. She <em>made</em> me borrow it," she replied, trying to adjust the dress and get comfortable inside it. <em>Corsets were so easy to move around in.</em> 

Once she wore her black pumps, Blaze took her arm and led her down to the living room. 

Elyssa was already waiting for them in a somewhat conservative white and green frock. She had enough of showing skin for one morning. 

Astrid had once again disappeared on them. She was not required at the meeting and she left saying that she would meet them at the party. 

"Mum's still getting ready," Ely told them as they sat down on the sofas. "I love your dress, Blaze. I should get something like it as well." 

"I can introduce you to Aunt Aggie." He didn't mind Elyssa dressing like him. 

It took a little while for Anastasia to appear, wearing a gorgeous navy-blue strapless dress with a high collar black cape, a voluminous petticoat, and a crown braid. 

"Shall we leave?" she asked them stately, her more formal persona taking over the light-hearted edge she usually possessed. It only made Blaze feel more anxious, despite her prior assurances. 

As they flew on Anastasia's personal carriage, towards the HU building, Blaze looked to the Duchess for her confirmation, but she seemed to be lost in thought. 

The HU headquarter consisted of a large Y-shaped central building surrounded by a thick wall of woods. Lush grass, neat shrubs in complex topiaries, colorful flowers, and smaller buildings filled the space in between. 

When they entered the lobby of the smaller buildings, Blaze observed that it was divided into two sections - a large auditorium and a smaller hall to the right. A sign outside the hall indicated the location of the meeting. 

Noticing Anastasia, the receptionist gave her a small bow and disappeared inside. After a little wait, she came out with a black haired, honey skinned angel in a grey and white suit. She hurried over to the duchess, gave them an Ama and led them into the hall. 

The hall was big enough to accommodate a few hundred angels. But currently, it had only had fifty to sixty angels seated in small clusters, snacking at fifteen round tables. On the left wall was a buffet styled line with numerous dishes on food warmers. The tables circled a small stage with a podium in the middle. 

Blaze began to feel the weight of eyes upon him as he was led onto the stage. 

The grey suited angel cleared her throat, checked around to see the angels had her attention and spoke. "I introduce to you, the honorable Duchess Anastasia Marigold, wielder of Pinaka bow. With her tonight, are her exemplary daughter, Elyssa Marigold, and the youngest righteous fury in the past twelve hundred years. 

"She is also one of the only three living righteous furies. I present to you Blaze Er Lokra and her aunt Rebecca Flynn!" she finished with a flourish of a hand towards Blaze. She looked like a native Aranyan and seemed awfully proud of him. 

However, the hall remained silent. The gazes focused on him with intensity and Blaze couldn't help but feel like a prized livestock. Suddenly, a couple of claps broke the spell of silence and the other angels followed suit. 

The moderator vacated the podium after a glance from Anastasia. Blaze searched in the direction of the first claps and was surprised to find a familiar face smiling back at him. Alice, dressed in a stunning lilac gown, was sitting right in the middle of the hall. 

Blaze couldn't believe that he had missed her, but it probably had to do with the <em>aura</em> the angel sitting beside her was projecting. She was unlike any other person he had met before. She felt sagely yet also imposing â€“ two contrasts that he didn't think was possible for a person to have. The angels around her, consciously or sub consciously seemed to be showing deference towards her. 

"I've known Blaze Er for the past eight years, mostly as Elyssa's dear friend," Anastasia started. What she said was a brazen lie, but she said it with such calmness that even Blaze was unsure for a moment. "I've known her mother for much longer and consider her a family friend. Over the years, I've come to care for them. 

"Now, a lot of you are aware of my stance on certain issues and how I disagree with some of your ideologies," she spoke, looking at three groups in particular. Blaze was surprised that Alice's group was one of them. <em>Wasn't Anastasia an Ophanim as well?</em> 

"Rest assured that my stance towards Blazer Er is the same as the one towards my daughter. I will give my all to guide her and help her, but her decisions are her own. That is the only reason why I have allowed for this meeting. You can influence her through your words and ideas, but I hope you won't try anything untoward," she finished emphatically, amazing Blaze that she could convey so much with so few words. "Oh, Blaze's mother is the private sort and I advise you to not bother her if you have hopes for the little one," she added, before giving the angels a suddenly friendly smile and letting the moderator take the podium. 

"Ahem. I guess that ends the scheduled topics for today. I hope we have not disappointed you as a host and that you've enjoyed your stay at Aranya. Please help yourselves to the snacks, and I am at your service throughout your stay at the Aranyan branch of the Heavenly Union," the poor angel said awkwardly, and followed Anastasia and the rest, off the stage. She hadn't expected the duchess to be so forceful. 

Anastasia excused herself from the other three and went to talk to a group of honey skinned angels from Gjeb, as the delegates stood up and began to mingle. She had already told them to wait for the delegates to approach them, so the three of them shyly headed towards the buffet. 

Blaze quickly put some snacks on a plate and anxiously waited, quietly observing the angels present. They were a racially and culturally diverse bunch, as expected from a group of delegates comprising of all the nations and societies of Azra-El. 

The national delegates wore a diverse range of traditional clothes. Blaze couldn't help but notice a Viking looking ginger haired angel in a short fur clothing, who was in a deep debate with another angel wearing a kokoshnik headdress â€“ a traditional Russian crown. 

He also saw a pixie in a green wrap around robe who seemed like someone he knew, but she didn't seem to be too interested in him, just like all the other national delegates. 

Finally, from a group whom the other delegates seemed hesitant to approach, two of the three angels rose. The center angel, who seemed to be the oldest of the three, gave a quick glance at the Ophanim bunch and arose with the others. 

Blaze observed them as they slowly walked towards him, with a sensual gait that seemed practiced â€“ swaying hips that followed a steady rhythm and didn't skip a beat. They all wore white robes, but they were only similar in color. 

The youngest of them, who seemed to be a little older than Elyssa, wore a transparent gauze like gown with intricately knitted white flowers and vines that helped in barely covering her important parts. She was a strawberry blonde with light pink eyes and an expression that was an awful lot like Priscilla's. 

The black-haired angel on the right, wearing a sleeveless cowl robe with a pitch-black lining, had a piercing gaze and a cold expression that revealed nothing. 

The oldest of the three was the only one that sported a smile â€“ a smile that sent a cold shiver down Blaze's spine. She wore a simple bare backed white halter dress, but only the dress was simple about her. 

The two-fifty-something angel made it apparent that she was very dangerous, and not in a forceful way. With golden blonde hair, a perfectly shaped and slightly upturned nose, deep set hazel eyes, and an angular jawline, she was almost a perfect specimen of beauty. Yet, the only emotion she evoked in Blaze was to get away from her as fast as he could. 

The younger angel gave a pompous swish of her hand and introduced the eldest, "Cardinal Amanah Tudor." It almost seemed like she half expected Blaze to fall on his knees and worship the cardinal. 

Blaze gave her a formal Ama. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, cardinal. I hope you have received my letter," he said, trying to sound polite. Rebecca and Elyssa silently stood behind him, only able to offer moral support. 

The cardinal didn't even offer a nod as she simply gazed at him with her unshifting smile, as if she was trying to make him squirm under her stare. And squirm he would have, if the duchess had not prepared him for it, or if he didn't have the two angels behind him. 

"I must say, you're not what I expected, Miss Lokra," she finally spoke, leaving her words for interpretation. 

"Nor I you, cardinal," Blaze replied sharply and felt a slight brush of a foot from Elyssa's side. She was standing exceptionally close to him. "I meant that you're much more beautiful than I imagined, cardinal," he quickly added at the cardinal's raised an eyebrow. 

The cardinal's expression instantly became jovial, as if she had been truly moved by his words. "Inner beauty is often reflected on the outside, young Blaze. You are good looking yourself, if not in a conventional sense. It is a travesty that you made that promise to your mother. 

"The Malakim can mold you into an angel much more virtuous than you have already proven yourself to be. And it is always good to start early. But a promise is a promise. You cannot be a true Malakim without holding true to your promises. I just hope that you'd be able to retain your eligibility to enter the Malakim until you graduate," she said like a wise old grandmother giving advice to her wayward grandchild. 

"Thank you, cardinal," Blaze replied, giving her another Ama. 

Amanah asked him a few more casual questions relating to his personal and academic life, before taking leave. 

"Oh, Miss Lokra! Did you know that a Houri senior can issue a combat challenge on behalf of a younger Houri? Agnes here, is anticipating a match against you," she said, suddenly turning back as if she just remembered it. 

<em>Uh Oh!</em> Blaze wasn't stupid enough to think that the result of such a fight would go in his favor - yet. "Uh?" was the only response he could give. 

"That particular custom has been revoked in the last century, cardinal," Agnes said with a hint of derision. 

"Oh. That's such a shame. Nonetheless, I am sure you will get a chance to demonstrate your skills at some point, Agnes," she said and led the group back to their table. 

<em>Shit!</em> Blaze felt aghast as he realized he had fallen into the Cardinal's trap. In his letter, he had claimed that he knew everything about the Houri. His reaction had proved otherwise. 

"I think it went well for a meeting with the Malakim," Ely tried to comfort him. "Watch out, the Seraphim are coming," she warned, as another group of three angels stepped forward. These angels were also dressed in white, but all of them wore matching robes with a red balance printed on their chests. 

<em>What is it supposed to balance, their tits?</em> Blaze wondered as he noticed the scales of the balance were positioned right under their mounds. 

The conversation with the Seraphim went a little more smoothly, when compared to the one with Malakim. The Seraphim believed that a true justiciar needed to strictly adhere to the <em>right</em> set of principles and have enough strength to back it up. To them, Blaze had yet to fully prove himself in both aspects. The Seraphim introduced themselves to Blaze and offered a special position amongst their ranks, explaining its benefits. 

A couple of other societies followed the Seraphim, with similar spiels. It was only after the fourth society that the Ophanim finally stood up. There were four Ophanim, but the one sitting beside Alice told two of them to stay behind, before walking towards him with the young secretary. 

Alice, who usually struck one as a fumbling, inquisitive and slightly awkward, suddenly looked very stunning in her lilac, golden breasted gown, and a chic side parted flowing hair style. 

"The Wise One of the Ophanim, Mon Manjushri Yiddam," she introduced the older angel, with a pleasant and reassuring smile. Blaze had to drag his eyes away from her to look at the wise one. 

The Malakim had fourteen cardinals, while the Ophanim only had four wise ones. So at least in number, Manjushri ranked over Amanah Tudor. 

Manjushri was nowhere as good looking as the cardinal, but she trumped her beauty with other aspects. She wore a simple light violet wrap around and was only around 6'8, yet she posed a larger presence. Her light brown eyes were kind but perceptive, and her light flaxen hair hung freely on her back and shoulders. 

"Tell me child, what do you want to be when you grow up?" Manjushri asked, with a slight smile. Though it wasn't a wide smile, it felt genuine. And for once, Blaze did not mind being called a child. He observed her energy aura through his Anja and judged her to be more than three-fifty, older than Aurnia. How much more exactly? He could not fathom. But from any perspective, he was a child in front of the angel. 

To her question however, he had no immediate answer. It was such an obvious question for a young angel, but no one else had ever bothered to ask him â€“ even Jie Er. Although, the latter probably didn't because she felt he needed a lot more time to consider such things. 

And Blaze hadn't truly considered the question during the short six months he had spent on the planet. He had thought about his origins, his inordinate potential and his relationships, but not what he wanted to be. 

On Earth, science had been his poison. Though he was still the ever-curious person he had always been, being only a scientist or an engineer had suddenly lost its appeal. 

As he gazed into the pleasant face of Manjushri, he began asking himself a few obvious questions. 

<em>Did he want power? Sure</em>. If it was offered to him easily. But he had no interest in a constant struggle for it, and the politics it involved â€“ between the nations, societies and other interest groups. He also didn't care for the responsibilities that came with it. Relegating them to some poor obliging angel like Aahna seemed irresponsible. 

<em>Did he want fame?</em> Only if it came by itself. 

<em>Did he want money?</em> He was sure in his capacity to make a decent living. 

<em>Did he crave for personal strength? Yes</em>, but it wasn't a penultimate goal. <em>Did he need it to fight against the demons? Maybe.</em> 

<em>Did he want to be a hero?</em> Maybe, but he was no martyr. He would fight with his life to protect his loved ones â€“ Jie Er, Rebecca and Elyssa, but there was no indication that he was summoned into this world for a special reason. He would fight if he was required to, but he would rather avoid the battlefield if he could. 

<em>Did he enjoy fighting? Yes and no.</em> 

<em>Did he enjoy being better than others? Yes, but only if it was a true contest.</em> 

<em>Did he crave for knowledge? YES!</em> 

"I want to be good at everything," he suddenly answered. Though he felt a little immature with his answer, he continued. "At fighting, in science, in philosophy, in warfare, and at love. I want to learn and know everything!" he finished with passion. It was a naive statement, but in that moment, it was his ultimate desire. Moreover, he had four hundred years or more to accomplish it. 

Manjushri laughed freely and without an ounce of condescension. 

"And why do you desire such an insurmountable accomplishment?" 

"A little because I want to feel awesome, but mostly because I want to understand the world. From all perspectives. From the weakest of beings to the strongest. From the vilest of beings to the most righteous. From the point of view of regular people, merchants, soldiers, generals and Queens. I want to understand and make sense of the world," 

"And what would you do with such an understanding?" 

"I don't know, but I am sure I will when I reach such a stage," 

Manjushri gave him a deep appraising look as her smile slightly widened. She was impressed- more than she had been prepared for. 

"I am happy to have met you, little Fury. I want to always see the flame inside of you blazing with the same fury that I've witnessed today. You will have my well wishes whether you decide to join the Ophanim or not, as long as your desire doesn't change. 

One last question. Did you just decide on this goal when I asked you the question?" 

"Yes." 

Manjushri laughed. "You are an interesting one, child. I hope you reach your dreams. But I must warn you, it is not an easy task. It will be harder than becoming a Deva and you may not find the answers you're looking for," 

"I know." 

"Good. Till we meet again, little one," she replied with a slight bow. 

Blaze responded with a sincere Ama and the two Ophanim walked back to their seats. 

*** 

"I thought she was here to recruit you," Elyssa said, after the two angels were out of their earshot. Manjushri hadn't even mentioned the topic. "But I guess even the righteous fury isn't exempt from their age limit." 

"How do the Ophanim have any candidates left if they don't recruit till 150, and angels can't easily switch between the societies?" he questioned. 

"They have an implicit agreement with the others. Ophanim is the only society angels can switch to without being given a hard time by their original societies. In return, the Ophanim doesn't actively recruit angels until they are 150. But I thought Mon Manjushri's presence indicated otherwise. I guess I was wrong." 

"And, not everyone joins a society before a hundred and fifty. I haven't," Rebecca added softly. 

*** 

"You look surprised, Ms. Alice," Manjushri commented as they sat down with the others. 

"If I may speak my mind, wise one," Alice asked politely. 

"Of course, Alice. That's what Fiora and I like about you." 

"Min Fiora implied that you might want to woo Ms. Blaze into the Ophanim. Honestly, that is what I thought you were here for. Though I doubt anyone would've imagined you to come in person." 

"One of the reasons for my presence is in fact Ms. Blaze. But I wouldn't make or even allow her to join the Ophanim if she isn't suitable. The folly of older angels is the presumption of their own wisdom and the open acknowledgement of a younger angel's naivety. 

"However, young ones are moldable, Ms. Alice, and there is nothing wrong with a little overt guidance in the right direction. If Ms. Blaze had seemed impressionable in the slightest way, I would have immediately tried to get her into the Ophanim.  

"But it seems Fiora's judgment is true. Ms. Blaze has a strong character. I doubt we need to worry about her being taken by the Malakim or the Seraphim, and her inclinations suggest she is more suited for the Ophanim or the Elohim. Besides, we know more about her than any other society. We can always use that knowledge when the need arises," Manjushri explained, her eyes lost in thought. 

"You gained all that from one question?" Alice asked, more in wonder than disbelief. 

"I've lived a long life, Ms. Alice, and I've seen a lot of young angels. If I am allowed to boast, I will say that I can more or less judge a young angel through their body language, their attitude towards others, and through the hidden meanings behind their words. But tell me Ms. Alice, what would you have answered if you had been put in her shoes at her age? Would you have tried to impress me, answer me honestly, with whatever comes to your mind in that moment, <em>or</em> be composed enough to actually think over what you want?" 

**** 

After the Ophanim, the remaining societies also introduced themselves to Blaze. Though his interest was piqued by the Elohim, none of the conversations he had with the other societies stood out in his mind. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
As the last society took their leave from Blaze, the pixie he had noticed earlier started making her way towards him. 

At slightly less than six feet, the pixie was quite conspicuous amongst the other adult angels. Her long and flowing bronze hair turned a tawny blonde towards the ends and was adorned by a massive yellow lily to the right of her head. An emerald tear hung from a golden chain around her forehead and decorated the center of her forehead. 

Though she was small and didn't seem powerful, the pixie carried a certain confidence and surety. And unlike Siofra, she seemed to display her ears with pride. 

"I am Asherah Eo-" the pixie began when she reached them. 

"Siofra's mom!" Blaze greeted her enthusiastically. Asherah Eoiwagn was the pixie diplomat posted at Aranya. It was natural for her to be present at the meeting of the delegates. 

The pixie seemed neither amused nor surprised. In fact, Blaze felt a hint of disapproval in her piercing orange eyes. Her resemblance with Siofra was unmistakable but it ended with their physical features. "Yes," she muttered with a sigh. "Can I chat with you privately, Ms. Blaze?" 

Blaze gave Rebecca and Elyssa a quick glance, before following the pixie. 

"The eastern pixies are grateful for your actions, Ms. Blaze. Princess Aleaya Glitterdust has personally asked me to thank you for your unyielding defense against pixie discrimination," she told him formally. 

"I guess that's not what you brought me aside for?" Blaze asked her back. There was something about her tone that didn't sit right with him. 

"No, it is not," Asherah sighed. "Despite my respect for you righteous fury, Ms. Blaze, I do not approve of your friendship with Siofra." 

Blaze was struck speechless. <em>What the fuck was this?</em> Why was he being treated like a horny high schooler who's only interest was trying to get into her daughter's panties. <em>Well the horny part is true.</em> But he had no such interest in Siofra. 

Controlling his irritation, he decided to give the pixie the benefit of doubt. "May I know why?" he asked, trying his best to sound polite. 

"Your friendship, though benevolent, will make her weak. Azra-El is currently not a friendly place for a pixie to live in and I don't expect that to change any time soon. I have high hopes for Siofra, Ms. Blaze, and for her to reach her potential she needs to be able to face her challenges by herself and cannot be overshadowed by an angel. 

"Your presence, Ms Blaze, will diminish the trials she has to face and make her complacent towards other angels. I am sure even you can see that. She will not be prepared for the ultimacy of you not being around when it matters," she elaborated, coldly and unapologetically. 

"And what makes you think that I will not be around when it matters?" he instantly challenged her. 

Asherah raised an eye at him. "Your words are that of a child." 

"And yours are that of a cynic and a <em>misangelope</em>. You can try to convince your daughter of your cynical opinions, but you won't be getting any help from me, Min Asherah. Goodbye!" he said forcefully and left. Misangelope meant misanthrope but for angels. 

He felt that there was no point in continuing a conversation with her, and he didn't want to do anything he regretted later â€“ like punching a pixie in the face. 

"What happened?" Elyssa asked him, noticing the look on his face. 

"Siofra's mum's a bitch," he cursed. 

<em>"Language!"</em> Elyssa whispered, looking around to see if anyone heard him. Rebecca simply giggled and told him not to let Jie Er hear him say such words. 

He quickly explained his conversation to the two, but neither of them could explain her behavior. It was likely that it was just Asherah's convoluted thinking. 

Anastasia returned to them a few minutes later and told them that they were free to leave if they wanted to. She needed to stay a little longer, but their presence was no longer required. The trio decided to head back, especially because Blaze didn't feel like sticking around after his conversation with Asherah. 

oOo 

Rebecca dropped them off at the manor and took off to her mom's house after telling Blaze that she'd bring Aurnia to see him off in the morning. She wanted to spend the rest of the day with her mother and take her out to celebrate the evening session of the carnival. 

Blaze and Elyssa spent the rest of the evening together, and she introduced him to the world of Azra-El's illustrated books and the game of Chaken. It was an extremely complex chess like game with elements of poker. Blaze hadn't even begun to learn the basics by the time Astrid arrived. 

Astrid walked into the room, with Elyssa's soulreaper robe and cloak draped over her arm. 

"Why do you have my costume?" Elyssa asked suspiciously. 

"Oh, I just made some quick modifications. It was a little dull," Astrid shrugged her shoulders. 

"ASTRID!" Ely screamed and lunged for her costume. "Oh no!" she groaned as she hastily inspected her dress. 

The robe and the cloak were now in tatters â€“ tastefully done tatters but tatters, nonetheless. Astrid had taken the concept of the soulreaper to the next level by cutting and ripping apart the already scanty costume. To give her credit, however, it matched with the idea of a wraith like grimreaper. 

"What have you done, Astrid!? How do you expect me to wear this?" Elyssa screamed at her cousin. 

"It looks the part when you wear it, 'Lyssa. I tried it," Astrid replied, unfazed. 

"There is <em>nothing</em> to wear! Tell her, Blaze," Ely shrieked, showing him the dress. 

"I have no comments," Blaze replied, and quickly pretended to be interested in the game of Chaken. If it was any other angel besides Ely, he would've stood by the costume, but he was a little hesitant about seeing her half naked. 

"Traitor!" she told him, before turning to Astrid. "You know what? If you like your work so much you wear it. We're pretty much the same size. I will take your Night Angel costume and you can be Blaze's soul reaper." 

"That's an excellent idea!" Blaze chimed. Ely leveled a glare at him. 

Astrid thought about it for a moment, weighing her options. "Only if you let me do your makeup." 

"You have no right to bargain!" 

"And you don't know if I still have a dress that'll suit your tastes." 

The two had quick a staring contest before Elyssa gave in. "Fine! But the super cannon costume better not be in shreds." 

*** 

After a small dinner, Blaze quietly changed into his Txiki costume and escaped Elyssa's room, leaving the two to get ready. He sat down in the living room and began reading one of Elyssa's illustrated books. 

He was deeply immersed in a comic about a flying carnike when Elyssa and Astrid stepped into living room. He looked at them and did a double take. Elyssa looked like a completely different person. 

She was now sporting a pale pink wig in a bob cut, bright red lipstick and light red winged mascara, and a pink blush. Elyssa had always been exceptionally beautiful, but Blaze had gotten used to it. However, the makeup gave her a beguiling charm. He gulped and told himself that she was just Elyssa, before moving his eyes to her dress. 

She was wearing a simple draped red blouse over a skirt of white ribbons, and a pair of white compressed shorts underneath. He assumed the shorts to be Elyssa's addition. 

Though her dress was modest, when his eyes took in her whole figure, his earlier emotion only intensified. 

<em>It's just Ely. She will be back to normal after the party,</em> he told himself again, forcing his eyes away from her to look at Astrid. 

<em>Oh yes! Tonight, this Txiki shall steal the soulreaper's body. Muhahaha</em>, he inwardly snickered as his eyes roved over Astrid's body. 

The hems of her tattered robe were barely an inch below her groin and Astrid had littered the already scanty robe with gaping holes. Luckily for everyone present, she deemed it fit to wear a thong. 

She also wore pitch-black mascara, black lipstick and makeup, and together with the tattered cloak and the threatening scythe, she looked a perfect cross between a grim reaper and a succubus. 

"Weren't you supposed to be Night Angel?" he asked Elyssa. "And, how come you didn't offer me some makeup?" he jokingly added to Astrid. 

"This is what Nychta wears as a reporter." Elyssa informed him. She seemed quite satisfied with her costume. 

"You already look like the perfect Txiki. You would look like her even if you simply held her needle," Astrid told him as they headed out, still maintaining the distance she had created since he had arrived for the weekend. At first, he had assumed she was acting coy, but now he was beginning to have doubts. 

Anastasia had not returned home but sent them her personal carriage to drop them off at the palace. 

*** 

The Alaka gardens were a heavily landscaped three-acre piece of land within the palace grounds, designated for the princesses to hold their outdoor parties. It was surrounded by a fence of hardwood trees, and a grand gold-plated gate stood at the entrance. 

As they arrived, they could hear the melodious music of the party drifting through the trees. An angel confirmed their identities at the entrance and let them in. 

As the trio made their way through the cobblestoned pathways of polished granite, Blaze marveled at the haven like appearance of the gardens - beautiful flowers, entangled vines, perfectly arranged trees, and gushing creeks. 

A steamy Olympic sized pool of polished stone lay at the center of the gardens. The waters were clear, but the vapors fogged up the air above the pool and the lampposts cast a hazy orange glow. A narrow, stony creek gurgled into the pool from a fountain atop a small grassy knoll. 

A large group of costumed young angels were already gathered, strolling around the garden, making conversation and occasionally stopping to grab a bit of whatever delights the waiters brought them on silver plates. 

To the west of the pool, a group of musicians stood on a large semicircular arena of polished wood and played a steady melodic tune. In their hands were musical instruments both familiar and foreign to Blaze â€“ zither like guitars, violins held on the chest, a large ocarina, a pump organ, drums, lutes, and cymbals. 

There were only a few angels older than two hundred, and they were mostly there to drop their children off or to say hello to the young angel that was currently walking towards them. She had a beaming smile and a goblet of gold in her hand. 

"Elyssa! Astrid! When was the last time I saw you?" Princess Ila's voice boomed joyfully. "And you must be the Righteous fury!" she asked, turning to Blaze. She was wearing the same green and yellow peacock dress from earlier in the day. 

Blaze immediately liked her. In his judgement, not being a snobby princess already amounted to something. 

"Blaze Er Lokra. It's a pleasure to meet you, princess Ila," Blaze said, giving her a formal Ama. 

"Oh, the pleasure is mine. And, don't bother with the formalities. I don't have much fondness for them. Now tell me, did you really defeat the Houri with a single punch?" she asked with a swish of her fist. 

Blaze laughed. "I think that's a bit of an exaggeration, princess. It was an even fight. Though, I did use my fist to finish the duel," he replied. Maybe it was because of her age, but Blaze didn't feel uncomfortable whilst speaking with the princess, as he had felt with the other peerage he had met earlier. Princess Ila was forty-two. 

"Let me guess what you're all supposed to be. Astrid is obviously the soulreaper. Lovely costume by the way. Blaze ..." she wondered, leaning back and giving him a once over, her eyes widening on noticing the needle in his hand. "Txiki?" 

Blaze nodded with a smile. 

"Hah! I knew it. It's hilarious and I love it," she said with a clap of her hands. "Now, I am not too sure what Elyssa is supposed to be. It's a lovely dress though." 

Elyssa explained and the princess jovially conversed for a few minutes, before slipping away to meet the latest arrivals. 

"She seems nice," Blaze softly remarked, noticing a waitress approach them with a trayful of golden goblets. 

"Can I interest the Misses in some spiced mamgi cider?" 

"Yes please!" Blaze replied, taking a goblet from the tray. The cider was piping hot and the bottom of the goblet was insulated to help in holding it. 

"She is, but I don't remember her being as social," Elyssa said, after the waitress was out of earshot. 

"Maybe she has <em>learned</em> to be," Astrid commented, as they watched the princess finish speaking to a trio of angels with unwavering enthusiasm. 

Blaze took a sip of the cider and observed the trio of angels the princess had just left. All three had long pitch-black hair, but there was something familiar about the oldest and the youngest of the angels. 

The older angel, who seemed to be in her early two-hundreds, wore a beautiful black and gold cheongsam and an exquisite gold and diamond fengguan â€“ a traditional Xian tiara, indicating that she was of Xianese nobility. 

The angel noticed Blaze's stare and gave him a prolonged half-smile, whose meaning he could not decipher. 

"Who are they?" he asked Elyssa, who followed his gaze. 

"Hmm. The ivka is Lan Luan from Xian," Elyssa replied. Ivka denoted a young angel between sixty and one twenty. "She is one of the top contenders in the upcoming tournament. She placed tenth in the previous one, but I am sure she is a lot stronger now. 

The other two I am not sure. Judging by the fengguan, she seems to be nobility. It's possible that they're princess Ying Yue Shangdi and her daughter. But why do I feel like I've seen them before...Wait a minute. Didn't we see the two of them at the auction at Cali?" 

Blaze suddenly remembered the three angels he had caught staring during the auction. 

The older angel suddenly leaned towards her daughter and whispered in her ear. The daughter, decked in an impressive full suit of golden armor, looked at him and a menacing smile budded on her face. A serpentine dragon was etched onto the surface of her armor and it snaked its way around her body, opening its jaws at her neck. 

She held a tall golden shafted spear with a dark red blade, and together with the smile she struck an imperious figure. However, the smile only lasted for a moment and she quickly turned away. The mother gave her a few words before she took off, leaving the other two to mingle. 

"Did you see that?" Blaze confirmed out loud. 

"Yes, and I think I know the reason behind it." 

"What?" 

"One of the topics of discussion in the meeting of delegates was about holding a parallel tournament for angels under sixty. I need to confirm it with my mother, but I think it may have come to pass. I think the young angel thinks of you as her opponent," Elyssa wondered. 

"Ah! Well too bad for her, I am not interested," Blaze declared. <em>Unless she offers something in challenge. Hehe.</em> 

"What do you mean?" 

"I am not gonna fight in the tournament." 

"You won't? Why not? I'd have thought you'd be itching to fight other strong angels." 

"Maybe. But I also don't want to train my ass off for some stupid tournament. I am only twenty and I doubt anyone would care if I didn't participate this time around. Why bother with it if I am assured of winning it the next time. Besides, I am already famous. You don't want me to attract too much attention, do you?" 

"Just confess that you're lazy..." Elyssa rolled her eyes. 

"You shouldn't underestimate other angels of your generation. You may be a genius, but no one is infallible," Astrid added seriously, surprising Blaze. Her words were uncharacteristic of her usual flighty self. 

"ASTRID!" they heard a loud squeal, before Blaze could reply. 

They were swarmed by a gaggle of young angels, who excitedly chatted with Astrid, and introduced themselves to Blaze and Elyssa before taking Astrid away like a storm. The convivial lot invited Blaze and Ely to join them, but they politely refused. Neither of them was extroverted. 

"I don't understand her," Blaze told Ely, as they started walking to not appear lost. 

"She is quite intelligent. She just puts on the act of an idiot. She resembles you in that aspect." 

"Hey! I don't act like an idiot." 

"No, but you do act cute and innocent." 

Blaze stood up straight, suddenly feeling a bit conscious of himself. <em>Has Azra-El really changed me that much?</em> He wondered as Ely giggled at him. 

As they walked around the pool, Blaze began <em>admiring</em> the attires of the angels. They dressed as nymphs, fairies, cowgirls â€“ bison herders of Anoan plateau, Valkyries, witches, and a variety of both real and fantastical characters. Some were modest while others were extremely skimpy, but none of them were completely exposing. 

Though the angels did not care about nudity as much as humans, they still observed some propriety and did not usually prance around naked. And Blaze was grateful â€“ it increased the appeal of the costumes. 

As the night set in and the moon began to rise over the horizon, the princess walked to the middle of the grassy arena and the music quietened. She waited for the angels to stop their conversations before speaking. 

"Greetings to everyone I haven't already met. I hope you've enjoyed the food and refreshments, and that you are not too full. For what is the Regnbage festival without dance? We shall be dancing for the rest of the night," Ila projected her voice, pitching it a little higher than normal. 

A loud applause and cheer went up for Ila's words, and she continued speaking after it subsided. "Since I am expecting all of you to dance, I will strengthen my resolve and offer you the first performance," she said, her voice beginning to break in nervousness. 

As the shouts of encouragement that followed her words subsided, she stretched her arms and bent her knees, waiting for the music to begin. 

It started off with a quick beat of finger drums and cymbals as Ila tapped her feet in rhythm and the bells attached around her ankles rang with each tap. Her hands formed a pretty gesture as she held them perpendicular to her body. 

She seemed a little awkward at first, but as the pace of the music picked up, her movements became composed. Lyres and violin joined the tune as her movements became <em>alive</em>. 

She began to move like a peacock. The movements of her arms and feet were not exaggerated, but they conveyed a story as they weaved through the air and through the grass. The story of the life of a peacock. 

How it grew after hatching. How it sprouted its first feathers. How it learned to run and flit through the forests in search of berries and mice. How it fought with the snakes. How it longed for the rain. 

Suddenly, the cymbals thundered like lightning and she pulled on a string at her waist. Her gown went up her like a peacock's tail and the drums pattered like rain. Its radiant colors shimmered brilliantly under the light of the lampposts. 

She danced through the arena and the music danced with her, rising and falling in a crescendo of her movements. 

Finally, the music slowed down and came to a stop along with her at the center of the arena. Her canary colored wings manifested and burst out over her peacock fan. Gazing into the sky with a look of longing, she flapped her wings. 

The rustle of feathers and the flurry of her wings were the music as she soared towards the moon, her silhouette strikingly clear against its silvery glow. She circled around the garden and descended to the center of the arena. 

Silence prevailed as the angels watched her in awe. Despite her uncertain start, the princess had moved them with her dance. It wasn't exhilarating but it created a raw emotion that was different for every angel â€“ nostalgia, longing, feelings of being trapped and then soaring away to freedom, or a simple recognition of the vagaries of life. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
A lone ringing of claps turned into a thunderous applause, washing away her fears. She smiled and gave them a slight bow. "Thank you! Does anyone wish to continue with the solo performances?" she responded with modesty. 

Blaze wondered if anyone would dare to follow up with another solo performance. But a brave angel from Zara'ard stepped up with a pair of meteor hammers. After asking the musicians for a tune of lute and ocarina, she presented them with a titillating show of a martial dance. 

An angel from Kamitochi followed her performance with an elegant fan dance. 

After her, Astrid surprised Blaze by stepped into the arena in a pair of black ballet shoes. 

"She can dance," Elyssa remarked at Blaze's look of disbelief. 

And Astrid danced like a <em>white swan in a black costume</em>, with graceful flowing movements and leaps that defied gravity, displaying her nimbleness and cat like flexibility. Blaze finally understood why she bothered to wear panties â€“ her legs refused to stay together. 

But he soon forgot about her sensual attire and his mind focused on the beauty of her movements. 

He found his feet tapping to the music and a strange itch to dance suddenly sprouted in his mind. It was almost as if his body was telling him that it knew the moves. He could 'see' his feet moving in his mind's eye. 

In the heat battle, he sometimes <em>knew</em> he could do a maneuver despite never having practiced it before. However, he always had a talent for martial arts, but not dancing. 

Yet as Astrid's performance came to an end, his itch disappeared along with her exit. He caught her eye, but she only gave him a slight smile before joining her friends. 

"I think that ends the solo performances. I sincerely invite all of you to join me and let your hair down. Let's enjoy ourselves this evening," Ila spoke out, reentering the arena. 

The angels weren't shy about joining her and soon a mob gathered inside the arena, with more looking to enter when room was available. 

*** 

Blaze and Elyssa found themselves a table and decided to simply watch and enjoy the music. 

But their quietude could only last for so long. A few songs and instrumentals later, a busy-bee buzzed to their table. 

The angel in the sexy bee costume seemed a little over a hundred years old. Blaze had noticed her before, but the duo had carefully avoided her because of the notepad and quillpen she was carrying. 

The costume was a scanty one piece with black and yellow stripes of felt. It hung off her neck from a thin black string whose ends latched on to the cloth at the center of her sternum. The top portion consisted of two narrow flaps hanging from the top of her breasts, barely reaching the lower edges of her areolae and leaving most of her small but rounded underboobs exposed. 

A thin perpendicular stretch of cloth traveled down her stomach to connect with a narrow black and yellow skirt. A pair of faux bee-like wings hung from her back, coupled with a pair of antennae attached to a black headband. 

"Hello!" she buzzed cheerfully. "I am Clio Elen Mousa, reporter for the Aranyan Weekly. Would you mind if I ask you a few questions? Bzzt?" 

"Would you leave if we minded?" Blaze asked her back. <em>Ah, heck! Here comes my Rita Skeeter.</em> 

Clio gave him an amused smile, pulled up a chair and sat down with a straight back. She set her notepad on the table and brushed a couple of free locks of light-yellow hair behind her ear. Her hair was held in a casual low hanging ponytail. 

"You must be Blaze Er Lokra," she said, setting her gaze on his face. Her slanted eyes were a lucid hazel green and her eyebrows thick and angular. She had a sleek Greek nose and her lips were wide and heavy. Freckles covered her nose and upper cheeks, but they only added to the appeal of her angular oval face. She seemed to be on the shorter side and had a petite frame. 

"No, I am Rachel Arianrhod. My mum's a captain of the Cloud 9 division," Blaze replied with a straight face, and Elyssa snorted into her goblet of strawberry champagne. 

Alcohol consumption was usually looked down upon in Aranya and the Holy Caledonian Empire, but the Regnbage festival was a slight exception, especially later in the night. Also, the alcohol content of the champagne was quite low. 

The reporter was a little taken aback before she realized it was a joke. "Very funny, Ms. Blaze," she giggled. "But the sooner you answer my questions, the sooner you will get rid of me." 

"What do you need to know?" Blaze sighed, leaning forward. 

"You're twenty years old, correct? 

"Yeah. Turned twenty in Second Seed," he answered, quoting his official hatchday and controlling the impulse to joke that he was actually six months old. 

"When did you first grow your wings?" 

"Six years ago. But I couldn't fly until a few months back." 

"Your mother, Ms. Jie Er Lokra. Is she strong?" 

"Strong enough." 

Clio continued with a stream of questions and he gave her curt answers that gave away little to no information. 

"What were you feeling right before the occurrence of the righteous fury?" 

"Wr... Anger." 

"Are you proud of being a Righteous fury, Ms. Blaze?" 

"Not really." 

"Why not?" 

"It's not really an accomplishment. Also, I am not sure I like all the unwanted attention I am getting," he told her pointedly. 

Clio finally set her book aside. "Do you dislike me for some reason, Ms. Blaze?" 

"Nope. Me nor <em>my mother</em> like the publicity," he replied, hoping his words would keep the reporters away from Jie Er. He wasn't particularly disinclined towards Clio or reporters in general, but he thought that being curt would keep them from coming back. However, his words seemed to have the opposite effect on Clio. 

"Would you like to know how we became friends?" Elyssa interjected, trying to ease the tension. 

"Oh yes!" Clio replied enthusiastically, once again picking up her notepad. "I hear you met before she sprouted her wings." 

Elyssa was used to reporters and knew exactly what they wanted. So, she spun the tale in a way that gave Clio a story to tell, without revealing too many details about themselves. 

Clio seemed satisfied but her hunger for information was not so easily sated. Luckily, Astrid decided to show up before she asked more questions. 

"Do you guys want to dance now? People are starting to get tired and you two can be awkward without drawing attention," she chirped. 

Blaze turned to Elyssa with a questioning look. 

"Let's go. I should let my hair down sometimes. It was nice talking with you Ms. Clio. Until we meet again," she said politely, before the three of them <em>casually</em> walked to the rink. 

Clio gave them a curious gaze before hurrying off to find someone else to interview. 

*** 

Once on the platform, Astrid left them to their own devices and joined her more skillful friends. The two of them gave each other a wry smile, linked their arms and started their 'Irish' dance, joyfully laughing at their own lack of grace. 

But things changed when the musicians started playing a song of marimba and drums. 

<em>Tong Tong Tun. Tong Tong Tun. Tong Tong Tun. Tun Tong Tun.</em> 

It reminded him of a song from earth and caused him to have a bright idea. 

He unlinked his arm from Elyssa and got into a boxer's guard, skipping back and forth along with the beats. 

Ely stepped back and gave him a curious look, and Blaze sent a quick jab at her face. She instinctively leaned back to dodge and wanted to tell him off when realization struck her. <em>They both sucked at dancing, but fighting?</em> 

She quickly mirrored his stance and started hopping on the balls of her feet. 

Blaze sent her another jab and she leaned sideways. Someone in the audience gasped and Blaze swept his foot at Ely. She hopped back to evade and instantly returned within his range, with a grin on her face. 

Blaze sent out a flurry of punches and she weaved her head between them before throwing a lightning fast punch of her own. He easily dodged to the side and her grin widened. 

By now most of the angels had stopped dancing and were watching the duo; their silly smiles prevented the audience to assume the worst. 

The music made it easy for the two to predict each other's moves - their punches and kicks always in tune. 

The musicians watching from the side picked up the pace, and the pair's speed increased. 

A left and a right followed by a counter. A left and a right followed by an uppercut. A left and a right followed by a sweep kick. All in tune with the song and never actually landing. 

Their faces and eyes lit up and soon their movements became a blur. The song made it seem like they were dancing â€“ a boxing dance, and the angels began to love the performance. 

Blaze and Elyssa soon got lost within themselves as they met each other with a barrage of attacks that didn't pull any punches. 

Finally, as the song began to end, they put some distance between each other. The concluding tune hit a high, and they ran at each other and jumped with one leg tucked under their thighs and the other flying towards the other. They flew past each other and locked their arms before descending gracefully on their feet. 

"You fighting nuts! Learn to dance!" Astrid jeered comically. The audience laughed but it soon turned into a round of deafening applause. 

"We should just practice like this. It's so much fun!" Elyssa squealed in his ear. 

"Definitely," he replied, sending a glare towards Astrid. He knew she was just playing but he wasn't going to take such an insult standing. Besides, his earlier itch to dance had returned. He decided to trust in his instincts and ran up to the musicians. 

He told them the beat he wanted by singing it out, and they soon caught on. 

Astrid was good at ballet, so he was going to show her some ballet. 

As the slow beat of the song began, he walked up to Astrid and offered his hand with a slight bow. "Would you care for a dance, m'lady?" 

"A duet or a duel?" she asked uncertainly, and Blaze gave her a devious smile. She hesitantly took his hand and followed. 

The angels moved back to give room, realizing that they may be in for a spectacle. 

Blaze took her hand and twirled her body around before pulling her into his arms. She gracefully wrapped a leg around his legs; their bodies close and faces feeling each other's breaths. 

"So, you can dance a little?" she taunted him. 

"Don't know about that, but I know I can surprise you," he replied, wrapping an arm around her narrow waist and leading her around in a slow waltz. 

As the music picked up, Astrid started swaying and twisting around him. 

"You know..." She pushed away from his chest, twirling on the balls of her feet and unraveling as he held on to her fingertips. She spun back in as he pulled her towards himself. "It's not a duet..." He turned her around under his hand and stepping back on his left leg, he pulled her back in. "If I am the only one dancing," she breathed. 

"Maybe. But I can let you do things that you can't by yourself," he replied, as he once more led her in a waltz to allow her to catch her breath. 

"Oh? Like what?" 

He placed his hands against the skin of her thighs and lifted her up, making her wrap her long legs around his waist. Holding her by the small of her waist as she arched her head back, he swung her around. "Like this." 

"How about this?" she responded, suddenly placing an arm on his shoulder and using the momentum to lithely wrap her body around his back. He held onto her arm and legs and spun around a couple of times before gently letting her down. 

Astrid continued and whirled away from his arms, gaining momentum to perform an acrobatic flip around her body that sent her legs in an aerial cartwheel. She landed and finished in a graceful pirouette, arching her eyebrows to challenge him. 

He beckoned at her and she ran at him with full speed. She jumped and he caught her by the hips, raising her over his head as she arched her body and spread her arms like a poukai. 

The audience gasped but Blaze wasn't done. Astrid was lean and light, and he was strong as a bull. He used her momentum to sashay backwards, making it seem like she was soaring in the air. 

Suddenly, he bent his arms and threw her upwards. Putting her trust in Blaze, Astrid simply closed her eyes, felt the wind against her skin and let gravity take its course. Blaze rolled backwards, finishing on one knee, and caught her lithe body in his strong arms. A breathy sigh escaped her lips. 

They heard the unrestrained applause of the angels around them but neither Blaze or Astrid were finished. She wrapped her arms around his neck and deeply gazed into his sparkling green eyes as they slowly stood up, their bodies almost glued together. 

He felt the warmth of her skin and her sweet heavy breath against his cheeks. A familiar heat surged inside him as he held her tightly by the waist and led her around in a dance. 

As her confidence in him grew, Astrid flitted around in exaggerated but fluent jumps, and he caught her each time only to transition her into new movements. 

But soon they felt the cry of their muscles and slowed down the acrobatics. Instead, their dance gained a sensual aspect and the music - seemingly influenced by their mood - turned sultry. 

Impulsively, Blaze unclasped the black cape from her neck and threw it aside. One hand brushed along her naked upper back and the other creeped into her dress to hold her lower spine. His movement raising her skirt over her butt creases. 

Astrid had never been shy about showing a little skin and lost in the heat of the moment, it didn't even register in her mind as their bodies lustfully swayed against each other. 

The music once again picked up and their movements gained a fervor that reflected in their eyes and their humid breath. He turned her around and she pasted her back against his chest, swaying and revolving her hips with his. His hands firmly travelled down her stomach, his cheek against hers as his breath flowed down her chest and tickled her skin. 

Their audience watched in bated breaths. 

<em>Your skin makes me cry,</em> he hummed as he once again turned her around. He held her lightly by the waist as her hips moved against his in discernable waves, swaying with the music. Suddenly, their hips separated, and crashed back into each other like two converging waves - one larger than the other. 

His hands caressed their way down her sides, and crept under her skirt to tightly clutch onto her springy butt cheeks. Astrid's neck arched back, and an imperceptible moan escaped her mouth. Blaze couldn't help but be attracted to her slightly moist and pouty lips. 

He leaned in and kissed her. 

Astrid responded without any inhibitions, her soft lips wrapping around his. Their tongues greedily sought each other out and twirled and intertwined. 

But before it could become even more intense, the music came to an abrupt halt. The percussionist, seemingly as lost as them, kept going for a few beats before petering out. 

Snapping out of their reverie, the two quickly split apart and an uncanny silence pervaded the gardens. Only the crickets still chirped. It wasn't too unusual for two angels to kiss but there was something off about this particular one. Everyone felt it. 

Astrid somehow retained her flighty expression, but Blaze couldn't help but feel like a deer caught in the headlights. 

A sudden bout of enthusiastic claps broke the silence. Princess Ila seemed genuinely impressed but none of the other angels responded. 

As Blaze started feeling the pressure of hundreds of gazes against him, Elyssa reacted and quickly hurried towards them. 

"I am sorry. My friend is young, and she's had a bit too much of the champagne. I think it's time for her to tuck in for the night," she said jokingly and cheerfully, giving Blaze a meaningful look. 

Most of the angels seemed somewhat satisfied by her words. Blaze gave Ely a nod and manifested his wings; their pure colors helping him in his plight. He gave the rest of the angels a shy but drunken looking wave, before shooting up into the sky and towards the manor. 

"I guess I should make sure she reaches home safely," Astrid said out loud and took off after him. 

"Well, that was certainly an interesting dance. I for one can't replicate it or any other decent dance for that matter," Elyssa continued jovially, eliciting some laughter. "Either way, we should continue our festivities." 

The music restarted and the angels once more flooded the arena. However, one set of hazel green eyes seemed to be more interested in the departing angels. 

oOo 

Blaze noticed Astrid following him and slowed to let her catch up. Her wings were long, lean and a bluish white, and made for soaring. 

As he watched her, he couldn't help but feel a little guilty. He had let his lust get the better of him and implicated her in something that could've become much worse. Thankfully, Elyssa's quick reaction may have helped in abating most of the doubts. 

So, when she caught up, he gave her an apologetic smile. However, she did not pause and continued flying. He followed her and quickly realized that she was not heading in the manor's direction. Instead, she slowed down and descended in front of a stone building within the palace grounds. They could see a few dim lights from inside, but it otherwise seemed unoccupied. 

Blaze landed in front of her and noticed her neutral expression. "Astrid, I..." he began, but the angel rushed towards him and leapt into his arms. 

He instinctively held onto her back and she wrapped her legs and arms around him. She held his face between her hands and started kissing his lips. His eyes widened in surprise, but her passion and hunger made him instinctively respond. 

His hands moved down her spine and grabbed her buttcheeks, while his fingers dug deeper. He immediately felt the warmth of her thong. <em>Is she wet from the dance?</em> 

Astrid clutched him like her life depended on it. The desires she had been keeping in check since her episode at Cali had been surging since the start of the weekend. The dance had finally overwhelmed her. She ran her fingers through his shoulder length hair and devoured his lips, seeking his tongue as soon as he parted his teeth. 

Letting her suck on his tongue, Blaze carefully hustled to the wall of the building and pushed her against it. 

Placing his hands against the wall, he moved his lips along her cheek and Astrid turned her head to give access to her long sensuous neck. She breathed heavily down his shoulder and he showered her neck with kisses, while firmly grinding his hips into hers. 

"Hah huh aah," Astrid panted and moaned, as heat surged throughout her body and her clitoris rubbed against her thong from his rough movements. 

Unable to wait any longer, Blaze reached for her thong. 

"Wait!" she muttered, coming to her senses. 

"What?" he asked, confused. 

"We should go inside. This is the princess's study building. There shouldn't be anyone around at this time," she puffed. 

Blaze gave her a knowing grin and without setting her down, he ran up the steps leading to the door. He turned the handle with one hand, pushed the door open with his leg and entered the long and narrow hallway. 

"The third room on the right has a nice divan," she whispered into his ear and started nibbling on it, making him hurry to the room. 

He quickly opened the door and kicked it shut. A long seven-foot divan and a few sofas surrounded a tea table, and a row of artworks decorated the walls of the room. 

He rushed to the divan and fell on it together with Astrid, once again reaching down for her thong. 

"Wait!" she cried again. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
"What now?" 

"I don't want to make a mess on the princess's divan. We need something to cover it," she said, remembering how wet she had been at the stadium in Cali. 

Thankfully, Blaze always carried a couple of sheets with him. He pulled one out of his space ring and spread it over the divan with her help. He then proceeded to remove his clothes and her eyes roved over the lean and sinuous muscles of his body. 

His frame wasn't as wide as it used to be on earth, and he could pass off as a young female angel when he was fully clothed. But when he was naked, there was no room to be mistaken. Except for his pert butt, his body was straight as a brick. 

Astrid's eyes fell on his prick and she wondered how such a weird organ could arouse her desire. To her it looked beautiful, even though it seemed like it had no right to be. 

When he was fully naked, she grinned at him and shuffled her shoulders out of the strings of her top, letting it slide down to the belt at her waist. Her full naked breasts were pale and in contrast with the rest of her tan skin. Small pink nipples stood erect over the lighter pink of her areolae. She shimmied her hips to push the skirt down, but Blaze made her stop. 

"Just lie down and let me do the rest," he said, wanting to fuck her in the soulreaper costume. 

Astrid raised an eyebrow but complied. She lay on her back and placed her head on the pillow, with her hands sprawled at the sides of her head. 

Blaze climbed onto the divan and raised her legs, watching her long thighs and perky bottom. Reaching for the strings of the thong, he slowly pulled it up, relishing how it peeled off her thin pink slit. 

Her anus, a slightly darker shade of pink, stared at him. Its tightness reminding him that he hadn't explored it before, filling him with exciting fantasies of how her ass would feel wrapped around his cock. 

He flipped the thong onto the tea table, spread apart her knees apart and gazed in to her eyes. 

Astrid who was almost never shy, couldn't help but feel vulnerable at that moment. It reflected in her eyes and her posture, and Blaze pounced on her like a beast on its prey. 

He pasted his body on her and kissed her with abandon. Her response was unrestrained and full of vigor. When they broke apart a few minutes later, he looked into her eyes and raised his hips. Using his hand, he brushed his erect member along her slit, wetting it with her flowing juices and mixing his precum with hers. 

Lining his tip against her hole, he waited for her to nod in agreement. 

"Take it slow," she told him. She had rushed it the first time, but now she wanted to fully experience it. 

He nodded and pushed in as her lips spread apart under the pressure and slowly engulfed his tip. 

"Mmmh" Astrid moaned, and he paused to let them both relish the grasp of her lips against his width. 

He continued his descent inch by inch, feeling every little bit of her warm and wet muscles. And when his groin kissed hers, he wrapped his arms around her shoulders and kissed her lips, slowly and firmly rotating his hips over her and feeling her taut smooth stomach against his. 

Astrid wrapped her arms around his back and dug her fingers into his skin as she drew him onto herself, feeling his entire weight and a little more. His back was lean, but it was still wider than hers, it covered her entire body. 

Slowly, their movements picked up speed as they ground their hips and kissed with loud, wet smooches. The softness of her breasts felt amazing against his chest and she loved how his skin brushed against her nipples. Arousal made their bodies hot. 

"Faster!" Astrid suddenly panted, stretching her thighs and unclasping her legs from his back. She placed a hand against the back of his head and pulled him against her neck. 

Blaze's lips flitted over her skin and soon began sucking against her neck, certain that they would leave a hickey. He wasn't above claiming her for others to see. 

He raised his hips and measuredly pulled his cock out before sending it back in with a shove. 

"MmmmhhhhHH," she let out a loud high-pitched moan, and he heard the full force of it. It was sweet music to his ears. 

Picking up his pace, he started ramming as fast as his thighs and knees allowed him. 

Her moans devolved into shrieks from being taken so roughly. Her whole body lit up with a fire that surged from the pit of her stomach. 

Blaze reached out his hand to her mouth and caressed her lips with his fingers, probing for entry. She opened and let his fingers in, even as she continued shrieking with pleasure. Pulling on the inside of her cheek with one finger, he used another to play with her tongue, feeling its soft wetness against his fingertips. 

"Eee Eeeeh Aaa Aah Aaah Oooh Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeh," she continued squealing, and after a few minutes of being fucked mercilessly, she trembled. A blast of warmth drenched his member and his groin, and kept flowing as she wrapped her lips around his fingers and mindlessly sucked on them. 

Blaze fell on to her and controlled himself, letting her relish her orgasm. It was too early for him to be done, so he continued to lick and suck on the skin of her neck. 

It took a few moments for Astrid to regain the control of her body, and the hot stiffness inside her made her desire for more. 

"Can you do me from behind?" she whispered in his ear, almost pleadingly. 

He raised his head, looked into her glazed eyes and planted his lips on hers. Giving her plush lips a quick lick, he whispered "Of course m'lady." 

Astrid raised her head and kissed him again, before pushing against his chest. 

"Do you want to lay down or sit on your hands and knees?" he asked, quickly pulling out and sitting on his knees. 

Astrid thought about it for a moment before taking the middle path. She lay on the side of her face and raised her butt over her knees, sending it straight up into the air by arching her back like a contortionist - almost at a ninety-degree angle. 

Lustfully looking at him from the surface of the divan, she unconsciously licked her lips, longing to be filled with cock. Blaze almost came at the whole sight. 

He mentally shook his head and considered the two holes in front of him. He wanted to take her ass, but it seemed like Astrid simply wanted to be fucked, and he wasn't sure how much she would like anal the first time. <em>Later</em>. 

So, he made a quick decision. 

He grabbed her butt and speared her cunt from behind. 

"Aieeeeee," she squealed, almost cumming again. Her vagina had become quite sensitive and her arousal was peaked, despite having cum once. 

Blaze grinned at himself, immediately setting a fast pace as Astrid helped in ramming her butt into his groin by using her thighs and her hands against the divan. Very soon, she was once again screaming like a banshee as she slammed her ass into his cock. 

Her thighs began to get tired and she leaned her butt into Blaze and let him do the work, taking her however he wanted. 

Blaze took one of her hands in his and unthinkingly reached his other for her mouth. She once again surprised him by contorting her spine sideways and took his fingers in to her mouth to suck on, enjoying the sensation of her mouth and cunt being filled, and moaned into his fingers as he repeatedly rammed into her. 

Astrid once again reached a peak and Blaze, who had been holding himself, hit the limit which once passed could make him lose his ability to think. So, he let the dam of arousal burst. 

Electricity spiked throughout his body and mind and he fell on her springy butt, pushing her lithe body against the divan and his fingers plopped out of her mouth. 

Pasting his chest onto her back, he released himself. 

Thick jets of his cum crashed into her cervix as she lay beneath him, and the warmth and the fullness it brought sent her over her own threshold. She twisted her head towards him and stretched back for his lips. 

Blaze felt the shudders of her body through their kiss as their orgasms slowly subsided. Feeling the soft comfort of her butt cheeks against his groin, and the warmth of her insides against his cock, he refused to get off her. 

So, Astrid chose to lick his cheeks and the top of his nose. Chuckling at her behavior, he returned the favor. 

*** 

<em>Click.</em> 

A small sound got them out of their trance. Blaze raised his head over Astrid's back and looked around. But he couldn't find an obvious sign or source. 

Suddenly, something clicked inside his mind. <em>Shit, the door! Alice?</em> But Alice wouldn't be so discreet. 

He got up in a hurry and rushed out the door, without bothering for his clothes. He immediately spotted a bee tiptoeing her way towards the exit, a few feet away from him. She started running when she felt him behind her. 

Blaze shot towards her with urgency. There was no way he could catch her once she took to the skies. His flying was not yet up to par with a fully-grown angel, but he could still outrun the slim petite legs of this bee. 

He caught up to her even before she could reach the door. He lunged for her fake wings and pulled them back. They ripped but held on, stopping the reporter in her tracks. 

Clio spun around and swung her arm at his face. 

Dodging under it, he tackled her to the ground. He could've punched her with a body reinforced fist, but he didn't want to hurt her yet. 

Despite going down, the reporter chose to put up a fight and Blaze tried to put her into submission by wrapping his legs around her thighs and holding her hands down. 

She was not a warrior, but her reinforced physical strength was no less than his. So, their struggle continued, and they rolled around with flaying limbs and ripping clothes; one angel trying to hold the other down, while the other tried to get free. 

Finally, Clio managed to kick him on the shin with her heeled shoe. The pain caused him to loosen his grip and she quickly slipped out of his grasp. Crawling away from him, she tried to stand up, but ran into a couple of naked feet blocking her path. 

She paused and looked up, and Blaze once again pounced on her like a cat. She went down on her stomach and he straddled her with his legs, putting pressure on her back with his hands. Her fake wings had fallen off during their struggle, and both her skirt and top were now in a very sorry state. 

"Ok! I give up," Clio tapped out. 

Blaze lessened the pressure but chose to sit back on her butt as he looked at a naked Astrid standing in front of them. 

Through the ripped portion of her skirt, Clio felt the presence of his prick against her butt, and her mind raced. 

"You could've helped!" Blaze complained at Astrid. 

"I was guarding the exit?" Astrid replied with a ditzy look. 

oOoOoOoO 

<strong>Author's Comments:</strong> If this chapter felt a bit long then I apologize. I really felt that I was writing some amazing scenes, but it may have turned out opposite to what I expected. I can only say that I worked really hard on this chapter and that things will soon pick up pace. 

Most of the characters introduced in the chapter are relevant to the story and not arbitrary. 

Coming up next chapter - Some suspense with Clio and a reason for Blaze to join the tournament? 

<strong>Please comment</strong> and don't hesitate to tell me what you didn't like and what you liked. The positive reviews give me encouragement while the negative ones make me improve. 

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong> 

Q. If the angels don't poop, what happens if they eat something they can't 'digest'? 

A. What happens if you eat something poisonous, a nail or I donno ... tide pods? You either throw up, get operated on, or die when the nail comes out the other end. I'd say it's pretty similar with the angels, if any of them are stupid enough to do such stuff. 

Q. Are the Ophanim, like monks? 

A. They pursue wisdom but do not follow a monk like lifestyle. That's the Chayot. Moreover, 'wise' is a matter of perspective. So, who knows how wise they are? They are just another angel society with their own ideology. Its possible that Blaze only finds them more appealing than the rest because of his preconceived notions. 

Q. Are there two cultures of the pixies, separated by the demon-angel border? (Rance) 

A. Yes and no. The pixie lands (Mesa Basin) were one entity before Hela's expansion. But now the Hela empire occupies the western Mesa basin and the eastern Mesa basin is under the Heavenly union (Imagine a Germany before the Berlin wall). The cultures may have been affected during the 600 odd years that have passed, but they aren't too different. 

Q Is this new chick from the bazaar, Elyssa's competition? 

A. Maybe. 

Q. What is this? Dirty Dancing? 

A. I swear I didn't think about that movie until I was done with the dance scene. 

Q. Will Blaze ever describe earthen weapons? 

A. Yes, but there is a time and place for that. He can't be irresponsible with it. 

Q. Hey Lord Dragon! Howz Andromeda galaxy treating ya? 

A. Pretty good actually. I found an interesting dual star system to play around with. I named them Phil and Betty. Betty says Hi! Phil is hiding behind her though, despite being the larger one. What can I say? He is a bit shy. 

Q. Seriously? You're now making friends with inanimate objects? 

A. Don't judge! It gets pretty lonely out in space. ~ <em>Lonely... I am so lonely... I got nobody... except Phil and Betty...~</em> 

Q. So what do you do besides mess around with stars, and write? 

A. I etch doodles of boobs and dicks on the surfaces of planets and their moons. With my claws. Keeps them sharp 

Q. That's planetary defacement! 

A. Meh. You call it defacement, I call it art. Whatcha gonna do about it? Send Kirk and Spock? Or will it be the Guardians of the galaxy? 

Unfortunately for you, I swiped the infinity gauntlet from Thanos when he took it off to jerk off to a picture of himself. So, unless you send a new female Captain Marvel with the ass of spider man, you aiint making me stop. She may spank my arse, but I am not the one to complain about minor details. 

Q. Did we tell you that you have the humor of a prepubescent fifteen-year-old? 

A. Meh. I am only 12 in dragon years. So, I will take that as a compliment. 

Q. So you're a marvel movie nerd? 

A. I can't claim to a be a serious one, but I just finished watching most of their movies with Phil and Betty. Not sure if Betty liked any of em'. 

<em>Rance: Momo is here too (in soul), buddy. Says hi and asked me to tell you that if she ever sees you, she is gonna bite your ass. She aiin't too happy with what you suggested.</em> 

<strong>Response to comments:</strong> 

<em>Wankr</em>: I am glad you think that way about the story. But I think it's inevitable that some sex scenes will be fluff pieces. However, I will try my best to keep them meaningful. 

<em>RanceSama:</em> This story is 100% real. I am using my dragon omniscience to ab watching the events unfold on Azra-El. Also, Momo, the carnike, has ascended into godhood through her selfless sacrifice, and is now in charge of the entry of new souls into Azra El. You better ingratiate yourself to her, if you want any sort of a pass. 

<em>DrasticExplorer</em>: As Dank pointed it out, I did misunderstand you. I hope the pace of this chapter is satisfactory. If it isn't, well I hope to pick it up next chapter. 

Quiches ðŸ˜: I may be able to add one or two, but I am not sure how to write more of them without making them redundant. 

Toys: Can you figure out what I plan to use from this this chapter? ðŸ˜Š 

Internet and Claws: I quantum entangled my whisker to a super computer, remember? I don't write with my claws, unless I want to etch my writing on to planets. I usually used my whiskers. Now that you say it, the current star system has a bunch of useless revolving planets. I could write my stories on their surfaces... 

Btw, I want to see your comments every chapter :P. 

<em>Ahren</em>: There is nothing to apologize for. The comments I receive after every chapter help me improve my writing and to think about the world in different ways. And as always, I can take constructive criticism, especially from someone who has been with my story from the start. Feel free to always give your opinion on the story. 

Yes, it is possible for what you suggested to have happened. Blaze's orphan birth is the conclusion Jie Er and others have reached due to the circumstance. We will go into it more later on and I don't want to add any spoilers. 

<em>Anon</em>: We've already met elderly angels. The mayor of Varan, the matron of Blaze's dorm etc. Angels don't physically age past 40-45; so, you won't be seeing hunch backed, wrinkled old women, with faded white hair. There maybe an exception or two but it's not the norm. 

<em>ReaderReaderfic</em>: Sadly, no otter in this chapter. She will make an appearance in the next. More of Rebecca though. 

My drawing ability is shitty to say the least. The doodles were drawn for fun. You're free to imagine whatever you like and whatever my words convey to you. The glaive was intended to be cheap but practical weapon â€“ as is the one in that game. The scythe in this chapter is a more fantastical piece. I will post a drawing at some point. 

<em>Finbar</em>: I am working towards that. Blaze needs an understanding of the world and someone who can understand such concepts, before he can start explaining the weapons and systems from his memories. 

Showing a Quetzal amongst the angel will arise a lot of issues. Sky is simply growing for now, however, he will have to make an appearance at some point. 

As for someone trying to figure out what is different about Blaze â€“ there is someone like it in this chapters and there will be more people who try the same. It's inevitable. The question is how Blaze will deal with the people who find out about his unnaturality.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 14|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Obligatory Warning: </strong>1. Only one sex scene in this chapter, but it's quite long. 2. Response to comments has been moved to the end of the chapter.

<strong>Editors: </strong>Dankmemez/AC Lawrence &amp; DrasticXplorer. I think they've done an excellent job of editing my story.

<strong>Special thanks </strong>to <em>Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz </em><em>and </em><em>Michael Wall </em><em>for supporting my work.</em>

<strong>Calendar: </strong>Since I can't keep using the names from Skyrim, I decided to revert to <em>English/Gregorian calendar</em>. Azra-El obviously has its own calendar, so I am providing it for those interested.

<em>Week: </em>(Starting from Monday)

Matadie -- Day when creation began.

Rhedie -- Land was formed.

Aeigirdie -- Oceans and water were formed.

Radie -- Sun was formed.

Xihedie -- Word Energy manifested.

Hathordie (sometimes pronounced Hadie) -- Life emerged.

Joeidie -- Day of celebration.

<em>Months:</em> (Starting from January)

Bianca - 'White' month.

Amare - Month of Love.

Sprout

Bloom

Maia -- Named after goddess of growth and nurture.

Alharu - The 'hot' month.

Kite - Good month to fly at great heights.

Starfall -- Month of regular meteor showers.

Gather -- Crops are gathered (Angels don't harvest?).

Chroma -- Month of color -- representing the bright colors of leaves.

Liber -- Free or idle month.

Natt -- Month of long nights

<strong>Lore: </strong>

<strong><em>First and Last Names</em></strong><em>:</em><strong><em> </em></strong>It is common in Aranya and most countries to use first names along with prefixes like Miss, Min and Mon, even in formal settings. The Holy Caledonian Empire and Kamikoku use last names in formal settings, and first names are only used when they can be used without prefixes.

<strong><em>The Holy Caledonian Empire</em></strong><em>:</em> Three eras prior (~1800 years) to the current date, a wave of imperialistic ideas spread through the northern kingdoms of the Heavenly Union. Under Nike, the Holy Caledonian Empire occupied Aranya, the Sylphs, and parts of Teteocan and Zara'ard.

The Xian competed with Vaikunheim and Angalnebo to expand in the demon territories, before Xian won the race and ultimately pushing the demons into the narrow confines of southwestern Azra-El.

The angels realized the folly of their ways and imperialism soon embraced 'globalization'. They found a new love for other cultures. This is reflected in the new calendar they decided to adopt -- first by the Holy Caledonian Empire and then by the others.

<strong>Saket and Sekhat: </strong>Though Saket is the widely used name of the capital of Aranya, Saket and Sekhat/Saket are actually twin cities separated by the river Glende. Saket is the one on the western bank and Sekhat is on the eastern one accommodating the royal palace. (RogueXVI's idea)

Chapter 14

Clio Elen Mousa came from a long line of reporters, some famous, some not. Curiosity was in her blood and she prided herself at being able to sniff out a story a mile away.

When she first started interviewing the Righteous Fury, she didn't think much of his caginess. Some people were simply averse to publicity, and the Fury was too young to be hiding something drastic.

However, as she continued to interview him, his cagey answers made her feel they were deliberately practiced and vague.

The strange dance with the countess' daughter and their hungry embrace further piqued her interest. Their movements had been bizarre and seemingly driven by an inexplicable desire to feel each other's bodies.

So, when the two angels departed, she slipped away from the party and silently tailed them, keeping low over the treetops.

She spied on them from the foliage outside the princess's study, mystified by the passion with which they <em>devoured </em>each other's lips. It was a little uncomfortable to watch, yet she couldn't tear her eyes from them.

When they chose to head inside, she waited for a few minutes before quietly following; moving from door to door in the long and narrow hallway, placing an ear against the wood and listening for their presence.

She heard them at the third room on the right and waited for things to pick up. She had an inkling that she would be safe once the two angels were consumed by their emotions.

The quiet moans and steady thumping that soon started didn't surprise her, until she heard a shrill shriek. She gently turned the handle and opened the door by a few inches, afraid of what she might find.

They were still obscured by the door, so she pulled out her family heirloom, a bronze periscope, from her space ring. She sneaked the device through the opening and peered through its looking glass.

What she saw were two bodies that couldn't be any closer. The Fury was on top of the countess's daughter -- Astrid<em> </em>- his hips rapidly attacking her and their bodies thumping together. Astrid's arms and legs wrapped around him and she was shrieking in pain.

<em>Pain? No... Pleasure? </em>Clio corrected herself as she turned a knob on the periscope and focused on her face.

Astrid trembled, and Clio almost rushed into the room to get Blaze away from her. But she stopped when she saw the look of ecstasy as her body shuddered. A thought about the Huldra of the Hela Empire sprouted in Clio's mind.

The Huldra were known to be able to <em>charm</em>. They weren't always successful in charming sentient beings, but when they managed to do it, the <em>charmed</em> became slaves to their will and desires. <em>Was the countess's daughter charmed? But how can the Righteous Fury be a Huldra?</em>

Blaze soon got off Astrid and Clio spotted his dangling organ. <em>The Hela! She is an unnatural.</em>

Clio cringed in fear when she saw it pierce Astrid's vagina. She expected him to draw blood, but the only thing he drew were Astrid's squeals. The two soon devolved into a series of mindless movements; their eyes glazed as their bodies ground and crashed into each other.

A strange heat arose in her own body as she watched the strange organ thrust inside Astrid. Clio didn't notice it at first but felt a tingle in the pit of her stomach when she subconsciously licked her lips. It alarmed her. <em>Is the strange organ the cause of the charm?</em> As her thighs involuntarily rubbed together, the pleasurable warmth betrayed her craving to feel it inside her.

Despite her growing fear, she had to watch to get the scoop of her life. <em>First rule of the Musa family. Never leave or drop a story, unless it is for a better one, </em>she repeated to herself.<em> </em>She wasn't sure if the Righteous fury was a Huldra, but she knew a lot of people were going to be interested in what was happening.

Clio watched till the end and when the two angels lay spent, her excitement and fear made her close the door abruptly. She tried to tiptoe away, but she quickly found herself wrestling the Fury, before being pinned helplessly to the ground and her body exposed through her ripped clothes.

***

"Ok! I give up," Clio tapped out when she realized that she couldn't win against the two angels. Besides, she didn't think they would be bold enough to hurt her. <em>Unless the Fury was a demon.</em>

Blaze lessened the pressure on her back but chose to sit on her butt. Clio's mind raced as she felt his nakedness through her ripped skirt.<em> Would he just push it inside and charm me? </em>she thought, and a tremor coursed through her body. What scared her more was that a part of her wished he would.

"You could've helped!" Blaze said.

"I was guarding the exit?" Astrid replied goofily.

Blaze sighed. "Whatever. Do you have a rope or something we can tie her up with?"

Astrid considered it for a moment before pulling out a couple of blue ribbons from her space ring. "I have these."

"What are you planning to do? I suggest you release me and let me go. It will end better if you do!" Clio cried out in alarm.

"I just want to talk. This is just a precaution," Blaze answered, taking the ribbons from Astrid. "It will be easier for all of us if you just complied," he added, suddenly feeling like an old movie villain.

Clio struggled as he reached for her hands.

"Do you want me to sit on her?" Astrid suggested, making Clio go still and Blaze to look at her strangely. There was no change in her expression, and she seemed to take the whole thing quite lightly. It made him feel even more like a villain, and Astrid his vamp.

He tied Clio's hands behind her back as he took in her thin frame. Though her butt was soft and bouncy, she seemed quite dainty as he handled her slim arms. It was no wonder her small body was so easily overpowered. Once secure, he led her by the arm to the princess's study.

Sitting her on the couch he picked up his underwear but noticed her surreptitious glances at his cock. So, he simply pulled up a chair in front of her and sat down naked. Astrid didn't even think about wearing her clothes as she flopped down on the divan.

Despite her vulnerable position, the reporter chose to put on a display of confidence. She looked straight into Blaze's eyes and gave him a smirk, hoping to intimidate the younger angel. Instead, his eyes gleamed as they roamed over her body.

Clio's narrow and naked shoulders were pulled back due to her bonds and a few stray locks of hair in disarray covered her face. The left flap of her top was torn, and her small perky breast with a small rosy nipple stared at Blaze.

His shaft noticeably hardened at the sight, and Clio had to force herself from gulping. Her arms shuffled uncomfortably with the impulse of covering herself up.

Blaze gave out a long sigh. "What were you doing here Ms. Clio?"

"Isn't that obvious?" she replied nonchalantly.

"I guess so..." he said, looking at Astrid for support, but she simply stared down the reporter. "The better question is to ask you about what you saw or rather what you understood from it?"

"I don't know, and it is not my place to judge. I have some suspicions, but I am only going to report what I saw. It is for my readers to interpret it," she gave a practiced response. "Are you a half-Huldra?" she asked suddenly. Tied up or not, her first instinct was to get information.

Blaze took a moment to understand her question before he burst out laughing, while Astrid chose to answer for him.

"Are you daft, ivka? Do I look charmed to you?" Astrid said angrily, dropping her usual act of playing dumb.

Clio looked at Astrid in surprise. Astrid's expression was a contrast from her usual carefreeness and her eyes were lit up with intelligent indignation. <em>Maybe she isn't charmed</em>. "But you looked so out of it when you were performing... that ritual."

"That's because it felt so good..." Astrid replied, as a dreamy look flashed across her eyes.

<em>That didn't help! </em>Blaze wanted to scream at her. Instead, he turned to Clio, "Is there any way I could convince you to not write about this? I am an unnatural and obviously a little different. We just found a pleasurable use for my little quirk. It doesn't harm anyone or give me any exceptional strength. Surely, that's not worth reporting," he reasoned. His only other option was to take Clio to Anastasia, but the potential consequences of it worried him.

"Not unless you have a better story to exchange," she replied curtly.

<a></a>"Er..." Blaze began, but he was suddenly distracted by Astrid withdrawing a dagger from her ring. It was a dangerously beautiful weapon, inexplicably curved.

Placing a finger against its tip, she slowly rotated the dagger in her hand; Astrid thoughtfully gazed at her blade for a moment before flashing a mischievous smile, "How about a deal, instead?"

"D-deal?" Clio asked with uncertainty. She suddenly felt more afraid of the girl with the dagger than the naked Righteous Fury.

"Blaze has already shown some of his potential. I believe he has much more, and my aunt, Anastasia Marigold's recent actions should attest to that. If you drop this story, we will make you Blaze's primary correspondent.

"Think of it as an investment. Not writing this story could bring you more interesting ones," Astrid said in a steady voice. Her voice wasn't cold, but the way she smiled and gazed at the dagger, almost lovingly, unnerved the reporter.

Clio considered it, unable to take her eyes off the blade.

"How about an additional offer," Astrid added expressionlessly, and Clio raised a brow at her. "If Blaze is okay with it, we will let you personally experience his organ," she said, all businesslike. "Numerous angels can attest that it is the best thing they've felt in their lives. You may not get another chance if choose to not go through with it.

"Think about it. Worst case scenario is you don't like it too much. Even then it'll still be a useful firsthand experience for your story."

"You plan on charming me!" Clio spat, sitting up straight.

"Don't be stupid," Astrid replied calmly. "Think about it. Do I look charmed? And if we can charm you that way, what's stopping us from forcing him into you?"

"Maybe you need my consent for the charm to work?" Clio took a wild guess, shifting her gaze between the two. The Fury looked as surprised by the little countess's words as she was.

"We can keep making such ridiculous conjectures to no end. Why don't you take a minute to consider it?" Astrid replied in a simple but stately manner.

Clio narrowed her eyes and stared at Astrid in contemplation. It was true that Astrid did not look charmed. In fact, she seemed more in control of the conversation now, and there was no way that the two could have foreseen a situation like this. She weighed her options as she felt the pit of her stomach tingle at the idea of having that organ pleasure her

"Blaze, can you give me a moment with her?" Astrid broke the silence, before Clio could decide.

"What are you planning to do?" he asked, looking at the dagger and suddenly feeling very unsure about her intentions.

Astrid giggled. "Don't worry, I am not going to hurt her. I just have some words that will be easier to say without you around. Trust me."

Blaze searched Astrid's hazel eyes, but they were inscrutable. She was still a mystery to him, but he remembered how open she was when they were by themselves.

"Ms. Blaze..." Clio called to him.

Blaze looked at her, shrugged his shoulders, and left them alone. In the hallway, he slid down against the door and contemplated the mess he had gotten himself into.

***

Astrid turned to Clio and caught her eyeing the windows. "Don't think I won't use this if I am forced to, Ms. Clio," Astrid told her, giving the dagger a twirl.

"Are <em>you</em> the Huldra?" Clio exclaimed, eyes widening in realization.

Astrid laughed. "You certainly have the imagination of a reporter. NO. I am not a Huldra. But I am a <em>Malakim</em>," she said, letting the words sink in. "And as you know, the Malakim are very interested in Blaze. I've been tasked to keep an eye on him, and I'll be forced to inform them about you, <em>if</em> you chose to forego my deal.

"Now, I may not do you any harm, but the same cannot be said about the Grey ones. I am a future countess and as such I hold some contacts within the society. It won't take me long to get someone <em>capable</em> involved."

Clio's mind raced, going over all the implications. Her claim of being a Malakim could easily be checked. If true, it meant that the Malakim already knew about Blaze's unnaturality. <em>Were they protecting him?</em> If Astrid was quick, the Grey ones could make Clio disappear before she could reach for help. "Are you threatening me?" she asked, glaring at Astrid and trying to put on a brave front.

"No. Just giving you a complete view to help you make the right decision," Astrid replied nonchalantly.

They sat in silence as Clio thought about her options. "You can call Ms. Blaze in now, unless you want to threaten me a little more."

"Trust me, Ms. Clio, me threatening you would be <em>very</em> different," she said. "Blaze!"

The first thing Blaze did after entering was check whether Clio had been harmed. Satisfied she hadn't been touched, he sat down on the couch next to Astrid. Since Astrid was leading the conversation, he decided he might as well sit beside her for added effect.

Astrid leaned into his shoulder and he resisted the urge to wrap an arm around her and grab a breast.

Clio's eyes hovered over his length for a moment before she began speaking, "I agree to Ms. Astrid's idea, but I have a few conditions of my own."

Astrid made Blaze wrap his arm around herself and snuggled into his neck, placing a hand on his chest and splaying a leg across his thigh. She took in his scent and looked towards Clio as her hand slowly began to inch towards his cock.

Blaze understood what she was doing, and lightly caressed her arm as he asked Clio, "And they are?"

Clio's freckled white face turned a beet red as she remembered what she had seen earlier. Her voice cracked a little as she continued speaking, cursing at herself for being led around by a couple angels less than half her age. "First, if I ever find out that you were lying about things you've said tonight, I will report it without a second thought.

"Second, any newsworthy scoop on you should come to me regardless of the nature of the news, if possible. Third, you cannot knowingly give me false information.

"Fourth, if Ms. Blaze loses her potential or becomes infamous for any reason, I get to write about what happened tonight. Finally, let's promise that we will make this relationship as mutually beneficial as possible," she finished, hoping she had covered all avenues.

Astrid's hand on Blaze's body was distracting and Clio's mind wasn't working at its best. The countess's fingers had finally reached his cock and they slowly and deliberately walked across his length.

Blaze began to ponder over her conditions, but Astrid suddenly cupped his balls, leaned in to his ear and whispered, "Trust me and say yes."

"Okay!" Blaze breathed out, as he felt her moist lips flit across his ear.

"It's a deal then," Clio agreed, beginning to question if Astrid was charming both her and the Fury.

"Good. Since that's taken care of, you can leave Ms. Clio," Astrid told her offhandedly, giving Blaze's chin a lick as she wrapped her fingers around his girth.

"My hands are still tied!" Clio complained, feeling a little flustered.

Astrid shot up to her feet before Blaze could even react. She quickly undid Clio's bonds and threw the ribbons into her space ring. "Well, off you go! Blaze and I have some unfinished business, so we may be here for a while," she told Clio with a pat on her back. "Unless you wish to watch, Ms. Clio?" she added as an afterthought when Clio gave no indication of leaving.

"It - really isn't a charm?" she asked Blaze, ignoring Astrid.

"Nope. But Astrid should answer that."

"That depends on you, I guess," Astrid said thoughtfully, forcing Clio to turn back towards her. "It doesn't charm you out of your will like the Huldra charm, but it does make you feel really good. Think of it like a delicious dish or a good massage, that makes you come back for more."

"Hmm. That makes sense," Clio said, trying to steel herself. Her innate curiosity and the nature of her profession left only one option. "Please, let me try it, Ms. Blaze," she asked him sincerely.

Blaze intensely watched her disheveled shuffling figure. He had yet to fuck a petite angel in Azra-El and the thought of finally doing it sent excitement coursing through his body. Despite their height, Rin and Lin were fit and decently endowed.

An image of Clio wrapped up in ribbons crossed his mind and he considered tying her up again, but he didn't think bondage was the best idea as a starter. <em>Maybe </em><em>some other</em><em> time.</em> He got up and sauntered slowly walked towards them. Without warning, he pulled Astrid into his arms and locked her in a fierce kiss.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
As he grabbed her firm butt cheeks and pulled her body to his, Astrid stood on her toes and widened the gap between her thighs, nestling his cock between the folds of her pussy.

Blaze squeezed her ass and pushed his fingers between her cheeks. Feeling her tight hole craving for entry, he wet his middle finger with his saliva and pushed it in. She gasped and wrapped her arms around his neck, while she rubbed herself along his shaft, mashing her breasts over his chest.

An intense desire to push her lower lips onto his cock surged inside her, but she broke the kiss and pushed him away before it could overwhelm her. "Her turn?" she said coyly, pointing to Clio.

Blaze grinned at her and turned to Clio, who nervously shuffled on her feet. He reached for the untorn breast flap and pulled it down to reveal both of her breasts. They were small and perky, just like her pink nipples.

Looking into her hazel eyes, he placed his palms over her breasts and felt their softness, flicking her nipples with the roughness of his thumbs. Clio shivered as she felt small sparks running through her body from her nipples.

Blaze ran his hands down her naked sides and down to her butt. Gripping her butt cheeks, he pulled her towards him. She gave a startled cry, feeling his hardness against her thigh. A predatory grin flashed on his face and he took her left breast into his mouth.

Sucking on her small breasts and perky nipples, his hands gripped and massaged her ass through her tattered clothes. He pulled her skirt up and his fingers crept underneath her panties to dig into the softness of her small ass.

Clio couldn't help but let out a small moan, heat welling between her legs.

"Do you want to take a look at it?" he asked her impishly.

Conflicting emotions arose in her mind as the uncontrollable desire caused her to wonder if she was being charmed. But she didn't feel like her mind was being clouded. Instead, she felt more alive than ever before. She gave a hesitant nod.

Blaze's smile turned to a lustful grin as he imagined her wide and heavy maroon lips wrapping around his cock. He sat down on the couch, spread his legs and leaned against the arm rest. Astrid caught his eyes and gave him a knowing smirk.

Clio felt a rush of fear and anticipation as she gingerly walked towards his hard cock. She leaned on her knees to get a better look at it.

"You might as well sit on your knees. You will be doing a lot more than merely looking at it," he said.

Clio raised a brow at him, but she complied.

It looked strange to her, with its thick veins and swollen head. But something about it and the two oval bags hanging below it created desire in her. She inched a finger forward to touch it and felt it to be warm and hard like a stiff muscle. She remembered Astrid's actions and wrapped her fingers around its girth. It felt full and meaty in her grip, and she subconsciously moved her hand up and down its length.

After a few moments, she removed her hand and leaned her head forward to observe it more closely. Blaze automatically pushed his hips forward and his tip bounced off her upper lip and brushed her nose, coming to rest against her cheek. Clio felt its warmth through her skin and his musky scent evoked a hunger inside her.

"The best way to feel it is with your mouth," Blaze commented innocently, loving the confused look on her beautiful freckled face.

Clio leaned in without even questioning him. She wrapped her thick lips around his head like it was a lollipop and gave it a lick. His scent and flavor woke her up, exciting her and making her mouth water.

She held his length in one hand and started licking and sucking on his head, making loud smacking sounds. Her light red lipstick painting smears across his length.

Blaze couldn't help but wrap his hands around her hair and nudge her down on his cock. Clio glanced up and relented, slowly lowering her lips along his shaft. He let go of her hair when his cock hit the back of her throat and she slowly pulled back, releasing him from her lips with an audible pop.

"Oh! I never tried that!" Astrid exclaimed before Clio could voice her opinion.

"You can come and join her," Blaze replied wryly.

"Move a little," Astrid told Clio, kneeling beside her and pushing against her shoulder.

Clio shuffled aside to give her room and Astrid wasted no time in grasping his cock and taking it into her mouth. Her lips were not as luscious and soft as Clio's, but Blaze had no complaints about her technique. Despite being a blowjob virgin, Astrid's head bobbed up and down his length enthusiastically as she used her cheeks to expertly apply pressure.

She pulled back after a few bobs and tilted his dick towards Clio. "Want to taste it again?" she asked the reporter, as if she was offering a lick of her ice-cream.

Clio, who had been watching Astrid's performance with rapt attention, once again took his prick into her mouth and copied Astrid's movements. She continued until she felt short of breath, before offering his penis back to Astrid.

The two of them repeatedly took turns swallowing his cock before they both decided to run their lips on either side of his shaft. He couldn't help but groan as he stared down at the two angels kissing their way down his length and the hot caress of their wet tongues spread Clio's lipstick over his cock.

When they reached his base, Clio's tongue glided back up, while Astrid proceeded further down. She enclosed her lips around his left nut and felt its shape with her tongue, lightly rolling it around. Liking the feel of it, she widened her mouth, swallowing the other one.

The heat and wetness of Astrid's mouth made him feel like his balls were immersed in a hot bath and it drove him crazy as Clio's mouth once swallowed his cock.

<em>"Shit!" </em>he cried as he lost control.

Astrid felt his balls pulse in her mouth and noticing the tug of his body, she let his balls pull free.

Blaze burst into Clio's mouth. Surprised by the sudden wetness against the roof of her mouth, she pulled away from Blaze's shaft. It popped from her mouth, shooting hot spurts of cum all over her freckled face. Her mouth lay open, gasping as the hot liquid hit her skin. Thankfully, she'd instinctively closed her eyes.

"I am sorry. I couldn't control myself," Blaze said, even though he didn't feel sorry when he looked at Clio's face.

Clio simply felt confused at his sudden discharge, but Astrid wasn't. She flicked her finger across Clio's cheek, picking up some of his essence and sucking it into her mouth.

"Hmm... Tastes like apple sauce," she said. Clio nodded in agreement as she finally let herself taste him.

"I guess you need a moment?" Astrid remarked at a panting Blaze.

Blaze raised a brow in surprise. "You noticed?"

"Yeah. Your organ always shrinks after you ejaculate. I think it's like one of those old energy rifles. After it fires a shot, you need to charge it again," she replied.

Blaze laughed at the strange analogy and turned to Clio. "Sorry, I need a few minutes before I can go again." His resting period was lower than when he was human, but it still required some time.

"You know..." he pondered, as an idea came to his perverted mind as he gazed at the disheveled bee in front of him. "The stinger of your costume doesn't really do justice to your image," he said, pulling out his Txiki needle.

"Hey! What are you planning!?" Clio shrieked and leaned away from him in trepidation.

"Grab her Astrid!" he said in a sinister voice.

Astrid's eyes widened in surprise, but she jumped on Clio who let out a cry of alarm as she was tackled to the ground.

Blaze burst out laughing at the two meagerly clothed angels wrestling on the ground. Noticing his mirth, they paused their struggle.

"I was just kidding," he said to them and looked at Astrid. "And that's your punishment for not helping me before," he said with a smirk.

Clio frowned but Astrid's laughter filled the room. "I guess I deserved that."

"But I do plan on making you a proper bee!" Blaze grinned at Clio, waving his needle at her. "I promise it will feel good."

Clio's eyes widened as she realized the intent behind Blaze's words, but she could only nod in confirmation. It seemed like she had taken a plunge into a quagmire that only pulled her deeper.

"Good! Can you turn around and show me your butt?" he asked her. He had once felt self-conscious about saying such things, but now it didn't even bother him.

Clio hesitantly turned around and got on all fours to present her petite ass to Blaze. He immediately fell to his knees behind her and pressed on the small of her back to arch her body down and push her butt up.

"Can you kiss her, Astrid?" he asked as he raised Clio's skirt and pulled down her black panties to her knees.

Astrid only considered it for a second. "No. I don't think I'd like that. In fact, I never liked the idea of kissing someone on the lips before I met you," she replied.

Her words surprised Blaze. Astrid had been very <em>oral </em>with him. She was passionate in her kisses, let alone everything else she did with her mouth and tongue. <em>Maybe she is straight?</em> Blaze had presumed that the sexuality of the angels was very fluid, considering that most of them seemed to be fine with pleasuring each other.

Astrid grabbed a pillow from the divan and placed it in front of Clio. "Lie down on this. It will be more comfortable," she told her, before moving behind Blaze.

She wrapped her arms his neck and pressed her body against his back as she leaned in to his ear. "I love kissing you though," she whispered huskily. She licked his ear and took his earlobe between her lips and began to suck on it.

He relished the sensation for a moment before he turned his attention to the sight before him. Unlike her upper lips, Clio's vagina was a thin straight line of pink, and her asshole deep between the hills of o her butt cheeks.

"Wet this for me please," he asked Astrid giving her the Txiki needle. Astrid took the weapon and flopped down on her butt to diligently suck on the needle's rounded handle.

While waiting, he worked on Clio's ass, spreading her butt cheeks and going down on her without hesitation, running his tongue over her puckered ass before lightly pushing in, trying to loosen her clenched muscles.

"I thought you'd put it in my vagina," Clio asked nervously. She had a slightly raspy boyish voice, which matched with her figure.

"Your vagina is reserved for my cock," he answered before pushing his tongue back inside. Her body shivered when he pushed a wet thumb into her ass. Gripping her legs to steady her, he slowly pumped his finger in and out of her tight ass. But before he could build up the pace, Astrid handed him the now sopping wet needle.

Clio felt the soft, cold, and rounded end as Blaze placed it against her ass. He brushed and rotated the knobby wood around her tight hole before slowly pushing it in. Slowly, Clio's anus swallowed the needle as her back arched in unexpected pleasure that would've been inconceivable to her before this encounter.

"Ahhh!" she cried as Blaze pushed it into her depths. Her anus stretched over the wider portion of the handle before wrapping around its thickness as he pushed a few inches of the handle into her.

Clio subconsciously wiggled her butt and the needle swayed with it. Blaze adjusted her skirt, top, and the antenna headband of her bee costume. "Stay like that for a moment," he said as he and Astrid got up to view her.

Clio looked nothing like a real bee, but sexually she posed the perfect visual.

"Give me your camera," Astrid suddenly asked Clio.

"What!? No!"

"Don't be such a carnike. It's your camera. You will have the picture once you develop it. I just want to save this image," she said with flourish of her hand.

Clio sighed and threw her space ring at Astrid, who went through it and pulled out a large box camera and a stand. She took a moment to set it up, before covering herself and the camera with a black cloak. "Say buzz!"

A tiny helpless smile sprouted on Clio's face as she turned her head towards the camera, rolled her eyes, and said buzz. A quick flash and a loud snap of shutters captured the moment.

"Leave the camera there. I need a picture of Ms. Blaze later," she said as Astrid stood back up. "Don't worry, it will be fully clothed," she added to Blaze.

Once again feeling the swell of his member, Blaze walked up to Clio and gave her a hand. She took it and began to reach around to pull out the needle.

"Don't!" Blaze said with a little pull.

Clio raised a brow at him but got up to her feet without complaint and stepped out of her panties. The feel of the polished wood between her cheeks wasn't unpleasant. Blaze pulled her to him and looked up into her eyes. He put his hand under her light-yellow hair and wrapped it around her neck to pull her face towards him.

"Mmmph," her surprise was muffled by the feel of his lips on hers.

Her eyes widened as he boldly took her lips between his and started sucking on them. She couldn't help but open her mouth to his searching tongue.

He relished her cherry flavor as he rolled his tongue over hers, drawing her closer with his hands kneading her ass and fingers digging into the supple flesh of her small but soft butt. He took the needle in his hand and gently tugged on it. She moaned against his mouth, mashing her lips against him as she felt the pleasure of her ass and body being taken. <em>She is ready.</em>

Blaze pulled away from her and sat down on the couch. He leaned back and invited her with a finger. "Come. It's time," he commanded while he stared at her thin straight slit.

Clio gulped and hesitated, but Astrid gave her a push from behind. She stumbled over to him and Blaze caught her by the arm. "Climb on me," he said, giving a gentle pull.

Biting her lower lip, Clio slowly climbed onto the couch and over his thighs, feeling his skin as she stood on her knees. Fear and anticipation filled her, and she felt the wetness of her lower lips.

Blaze gazed up into her eyes filled with trepidation and placed his hands over her hips, softly caressing her. "If you want it, you need to put it in yourself," he grinned at her.

Clio's lips quivered as she looked at his member. "W-What?"

"You heard me."

"Why don't you do it yourself, like you did to Ms. Astrid?"

"Because I said so."

Clio bit her lip again before steeling herself and grabbing his prick. She moved up on his thighs and slowly brought his member to her lower lips. A jolt of pleasure shot across her body as his tip touched her skin.

She brushed his member across her lips a few times before lining it with her hole. She intuitively seemed to know where it was supposed to go.

"Take it slowly," Blaze advised her as she gently lowered herself onto him.

He watched as her lips parted and swallowed his tip under their wet folds. Her walls clamped hard against his cock as she felt her own virginity fight against his intrusion.

"Ease yourself in," he told her as she looked into his eyes for more advice.

Despite the protest of her inner muscles, the pleasure she felt by his mere tip made her want all of him. Placing a hand on his chest she rose up again before easing herself back down.

She made repeated attempts and with each turn, her barrier widened, and his length slowly entered her. Finally, she felt him stretch her entrance enough to push inside, and with a sudden surge of lust she sat herself down on his full length.

Electricity coursed through Blaze's mind and body as he felt his entirety immersed in her hot wet depths. He sat upright, wrapped his arms around her narrow waist and pulled her to himself, lodging his face between her breasts.

"Aaaaahhhh" Clio screamed as her body arched and went taut as it released itself. Her mind went blank in the orgasm that followed and the only thing she felt was his heat and the wetness she released on him.

Blaze squeezed her butt cheeks and started gently rotating her hips over his.

"That was ecstatic," she told him in awe, once she came back to her senses.

Blaze responded by taking her hands and placing them on his shoulder. He leaned back, put his hands behind his head and grinned at her. "Up and down. I know you want more," he told her with a smirk.

"mmh. I didn't think this would feel so good," Clio moaned, grinding her groin over his balls.

"Oh, I think you did. That's why you watched us for so long. I think you wanted me inside you from the start. Don't you think so, Astrid?"

Clio didn't want to respond, but her voice and body betrayed her. She moaned as she rose up, slowly dragging his cock out of her. She relished every inch of him before she sat back down with a thump.

A burst of pleasure wracked through her senses and she finally understood what Astrid had meant. Her mind had not been overtaken, but the pleasure was so intense that her will couldn't resist wanting more. She rose up and slammed back on him again.

Spurred by her own action and result, Clio slowly increased her speed and was soon riding his cock as her cries of ecstasy filled the room.

Astrid, who had been sitting on the carpet with folded legs and watching them fuck, crawled towards them and grasped the needle sticking out of Clio's butt. Feeling her grip, Clio stopped bouncing and looked back.

Astrid gently pulled the stick out of Clio's hole and rubbed it across her juices flowing around Blaze's cock to lubricate it. "Next time, I want to try it in my butt," she said, and Blaze had to lean around Clio to look at Astrid.

The smoldering look of desire she gave him, though he was currently inside another beautiful angel, lit his body and mind on fire. He gave her an imperceptible nod as he gazed into her eyes and shoved his hips into Clio.

Understanding what she was supposed to do, Clio rose up over Blaze's member and Astrid positioned the handle beneath her puckered hole. Clio held onto Blaze's shoulders as she lowered herself over the two rods.

One was much narrower than the other, but they both filled her up. Her ass clamped around the toy even more tightly, having to make room for the cock inside her cunt, enveloping her body in a blanket of pure bliss. She felt her body grow weak in the pleasure and she fell on Blaze, wrapping her arms around his head. She was too tall to reach for his lips without bending her body, so she offered him her breasts instead.

"So, how does it feel to have both of your holes filled? You want more?" Astrid asked teasingly.

"I don't know!" Clio gasped. She couldn't deny the answers that came to her mind.

As Blaze sucked on her nipple, she ground herself into his stomach and groin, while Astrid pulled the needle in and out of her butt, trying to keep in sync with her.

Finally, the pleasure sparked in her brain and the pit of her stomach and she screamed in release. Blaze wrapped his arms around her in a bear hug and let himself go as they flooded each other.

Blaze felt her orgasm flood over him as she shuddered, just as Clio felt his thick hot essence strike her walls with force and fill her womb.

As the orgasm subsided, Clio slid down his body and rested her head over his shoulder as she panted in exhaustion. Completely satiated, Blaze gently caressed her hair and narrow back.

"My turn?" Astrid asked softly when Blaze glanced at her.

"Er... I don't think I can go on anymore tonight, Astrid," he said. He had cum at least four times in less than two hours. And anymore would be pushing himself without pleasure.

Astrid looked a little disappointed, but she seemed to understand. She stood up and got onto the couch, pushing Clio to give her room. The three of them lay in each other's arms for a few minutes before Clio finally regained strength in her body.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Ready for a picture and another interview, Ms. Blaze?" Clio asked with a grin, pulling the needle out of her butt. Whether it was a charm or not, she realized that she had fallen into Blaze's clutches and decided that she might as well make the most of it.

***

"Do you think she'll keep her word?" Blaze asked Astrid, as they watched the departing figure of Clio. After taking his picture, Clio had asked him a few more questions before the three of them had sat down to iron out the details of their deal

"It's quite likely."

"Why are you so confident? This involves you too, you know? What if she decides that I am not a worthwhile <em>investment</em>?" He had not liked Astrid's earlier choice of words.

Astrid looked at him strangely. "Blaze, do you think my confidence is only based on the fact that Clio thinks of you as a news goldmine?"

"Yeah... What else is there?"

"Do you not realize the <em>charm </em>you have on angels who you do <em>it </em>with?"

"Charm?" Blaze's face fell at the word. <em>Am I really a half-Huldra?</em>

"No, no. I don't mean it that way. Honestly, I did think it was that after our first time at Cali. I couldn't keep you off my mind for weeks. Brija seemed to be having the same symptoms, though hers didn't seem as bad as mine.

"That's why I was avoiding you over the weekend. I was testing my will. But then I realized that you had no control over my will. My desire for you was my own. So, I de-"

"Then why do you call it a charm?"

"Because it has elements of that too. It's almost like I can't think of hurting you. I mean I can hit you," she said with a whack on his shoulder, "but I don't want to <em>hurt </em>you. And it's different from friendship."

"Astrid..."

"Let me finish. I mentioned this to 'Lyssa, but I realized you haven't done it with her."

"You told Ely about it!?"

"Don't worry. I didn't reveal much. Why haven't you done it with her?"

"Because she is a friend."

"What is that supposed to mean? I am not?"

"Of course, you are, Astrid. But we weren't when we first did it. I guess, I intuitively knew what it meant to have 'sex' -- that's what it's called by the way," he said. "I wanted my friendship with Elyssa to be pure. If you know what I mean. I am sorry."

"No. I think I understand," she said, looking down at her painted nails and mulling over his words. "Anyway, I don't think Clio will be able to act against you out of spite or ill will, unless she feels something really strong against you."

"Hmm..." Blaze wondered. <em>Is it just horny angels craving for sex or is there more? </em>He had come to terms with his angelic identity and nature, and he didn't want to lose it just because he had a few similarities to the Huldra.

"Blaze... you need to know something" Astrid spoke after a while.

"Yeah?"

"I am a prospective Houri of the Malakim. I may take Priscilla's spot."

"<em>What!</em>" Blaze almost screamed as he stepped away from her. <em>Ha</em><em>s she been manipulating me this entire time?</em>

"Listen. I may be a Malakim, but I intend to be a spy. I am not in the Malakim for their ideology, but for their power. I actually don't like them very much. I want to either reform or bring down the society from inside. We can talk about this later, but just know that I really like you and won't ever hurt you," she explained in a flurry.

Blaze went silent, unable to digest the news. But then he looked at her and saw the passion in her eyes. If even that was an act, then theyâ€”Anastasia and Elyssa includedâ€”had already lost to Astrid. But he decided to take the dive. He grabbed her shoulders and drew her close. "I trust you," he told her sincerely. "I am surrendering my doubt. If you're a double spy and out to get me, I am in your hands now," he proclaimed.

His earthen father had once told him that he should pick the people he trusted wisely, but once they were picked, he should give them the benefit of doubt unless it was clear they were against you.

"Thank you, Blaze," Astrid said, looking at him with shining hazel eyes. A warm smile sprouted on her face as she suddenly stood on her toes and kissed him tenderly, first his cheek and then pressing against his lips.

"Do they know about my condition?" he asked her softly, resting his chin on her shoulder.

"No! I would never do that to you."

oOo

The next morning, Blaze and Ely departed early to Tir.

"So, Astrid is in the Malakim," Blaze remarked, looking at Ely across the carriage.

"She told you about that?" she asked in surprise.

"Yeah..."

"I've no idea about what she is thinking joining the Malakim, but I am sure she has a good reason. Her mother is a Chayot, almost the complete opposite of the Malakim. It's strange, but it is her decision. Are you still friends with her?"

"Of course. List of Blaze's Friends: Ely the great, Siof the nimble, Astrid the schemer, Rach the Pegasi whisperer, and Aahna the workhorse," he said impishly.

"What's up with the silly epithets?"

"Well I am <em>the</em> Blazing Fury. Shouldn't all my friends have cool titles too?"

"I doubt Aahna will be too impressed."

oOo

<em>ENERGY PHYSICS</em>, Edna Khatri, their physics teacher wrote down on the blackboard that morning. The middle-aged angel was unlike any other physics teacher Blaze had ever known; she was sprightly.

Below it, she wrote the first of the four precepts of Energy Physics.<em> Energy can neither be destroyed nor created, but it can be exchanged between the physical universe and Avast.</em>

"Anyone care to define the <em>Avast </em>for me?"

Blaze closed his book on <em>The Imperial Wars</em> and spoke out without bothering to raise his hand. "If we take the physical universe we live in as a plane with 3 dimensions, 4 if you consider time, then the Avast is an additional dimension unobservable to normal beings. In fact, it could be multiple dimensions forming a plane inaccessible to our physical bodies.

"Either way, we only have access to Avast through our consciousness and the Anja. At least that is the hypothesis with the most scientific consensus."<em> </em>Blaze usually didn't care about first year physics class, but the Avast was intriguing and something he had only learned about after coming to Azra-El.

"Ms. Blaze! You finally found something of interest in my class?" Edna quipped, and Blaze smiled back wryly. "But you're correct. <em>Avast </em>is a dimension or a plane, potentially in a primordial state of energy," she said, bringing her hands together and forming a golden ball of pure energy, spiking and sparkling like a spherical nebula.

"It is the primary source of the world energy," she continued, slowly drawing it back into her body in two writhing flares. "As angels the external energy you draw is mostly the world energy from the physical world, but archangels can draw energy from the Avast itself."

"What's the difference between internal and external energy?" Aahna interjected.

"Internal energy is the <em>processed</em> energy inside the body of living things, which can be manipulated by sentient beings. It is the sum of energy you obtain through your Anja, food and other supplements. External energy is the <em>unprocessed </em>energy you draw from the universe and the Avast.

"The Anja and the body require time to process this energy into internal energy. Using external energy is not intuitive and takes practice. Those details are outside the scope of today's lecture," Edna explained, as Aahna vigorously jotted down her notes.

The rest of the lecture was an explanation of the four precepts of Energy Physics. They were essentially the laws of thermodynamics but with a few changes due to the open nature of the system between the world and Avast.

oOo

Rebecca travelled back to Varan after Blaze's departure on Monday. She had the day off and could've chosen to stay with her mother, but she wanted the day to herself. She'd even bought a sunbathing chaise for the occasion.

After exiting the carriage and flying over the stream near their cottage, she spotted a familiar creature skirting along the edges of the wild dog territory, sniffing the air. Rebecca hovered over the otter. The animal raised its head at her, chattering in apparent recognition.

"Why can't you go find some fish instead?" she asked the otter. "You will get caught at some point, if you keep this up."

The otter chirped at her and pointed in the direction of the dogs with her nose.

"I am <em>not</em> going to help you steal from the dogs," Rebecca laughed and flew back to the house.

Sky, locked up in the coop, squawked happily at her approach. Rebecca let him out, and the bird gave her a happy love nip before darting around the garden like a prancing rooster, enjoying his freedom and territory.

Though winter had set in, the sky was clear, and the afternoon sun brought a pleasant warmth to the cottage. The angel quickly discarded her clothes and took a quick dip in the pool. She placed her new sunbathing chair in the open and lay her wet body down.

The water evaporating from her skin was a pleasant contrast to the sun's heat, and with her hair and limbs splayed out, she drifted into a pleasant slumber.

A clamor woke her up from a dream involving Jie Er and Blaze in a bathtub. She sat up groggily and turned towards the bird making a ruckus near the outer walls of the cottage.

The squawks and screeches were drowned out by excited barking. The image of the otter flashed across Rebecca's mind. She instantly manifested her wings and jumped on top of the wall. Sky followed her and perched at her feet.

The pack had formed a semicircle around the otter, cornering him against the wall. The largest of the dogs was slowly walking towards the otter, teeth bared and a constant growl escaping her mouth. The otter seemed to be watching, with a scrunched body and muscles tensing under its coat as her head swayed from side to side, constantly looking for a route of escape.

Before Rebecca could react, the dog lunged at the otter. She nimbly dodged to the right and tried to scurry out of the way. But the other dogs had closed in, their mouths low to the ground and blocking her escape. Realizing that there was no way out, the otter stood on its hind legs and bared its fangs at the leader.

That action sealed the deal for Rebecca. "HEY!" she screamed, pulling out her spear. Her voice boomed and snapped the dogs out of their bloodlust.

The pack leader snapped its head towards Rebecca as she jumped down heavily in front of the otter, swiping her spear over the dog's head. The dog yelped and jumped back but not before Rebecca buffeted the mutt with a strong flap of her wings, sending it tumbling backwards. "Get the HELA AWAY FROM MY HOUSE, you mutts," she screamed.

Sky chose that exact moment to land beside Rebecca. He opened his wings wide, and his blue and white crown stood proudly upon his head. Opening his sharp beak, he screeched threateningly.

The dogs took one look at the pair before whimpering and fleeing with their tails tucked between their legs.

Rebecca briefly watched them flee before turning to the otter, assuming she would scamper away in fear. Instead, the otter lowered its head and cautiously began to approach her, making sure to keep as far away from the Quetzal as possible.

Sky wrapped a wing around Rebecca's leg and growled possessively.

The otter measured the bird for a moment before jumping into the nearby bush. Coming out with a rabbit foot in its mouth, she carefully inched towards the bird and placed the leg in front of him as an offering before quickly scurrying back.

Sky took one sniff at the leg and saw red. He lunged at the otter.

"Oi!" Rebecca shrieked, grabbing the bird's tail before he could take a snap at the otter.

The otter skipped into the grass and disappeared out of sight.

Rebecca sighed and picked up the hefty bird. "I guess that's that, huh Sky?" she said snuggling the bird against her breast. He was fluffy, warm and made a good pillow. Sky squawked towards the grass and cooed at Rebecca. Though he hadn't liked the older angels at first, he had grown attached to them in Blaze's absence.

Jumping back into their garden, she let Sky go as her thoughts once again returned to the dream she just had. She lay down on the chair and spread her legs, fingers slowly creeping down her stomach. <em>Could I pleasure myself?</em> She wondered. She always had Blaze or Jie Er to do it for her.

Her mind began to play the scene from her dream. Jie Er was lying in a bathtub and she was on top of her, kissing her on the lips as Blaze approached her from behind.

But just as she was about to push a finger into her wetness, imagining Blaze thrusting inside her, Sky once again began angrily squawking at the wall.

"What now!" she screamed in frustration. An otter's chirp came in response to Sky's squawks.

Rebecca went back out and Sky followed her as before. The otter stood in the safety of the grass and squeaked at Sky, pointing towards the dirt patch in front of the wall. A large freshly caught river fish lay flopped on the grass.

Sky waddled over to the fish and sniffed, giving it an appraising look.

Seeing the bird take a bite out of her offering, the otter shuffled towards Rebecca, unsurely glancing at the ill-tempered bird. Sky gave the otter a snide look before grabbing the fish and flying back into the house.

Rebecca stared at the scene dumbstruck. "I never thought I'd see the day when a Quetzal would be bribed with a fish," she said looking dazedly at the otter at her feet. She kneeled and pet her head. "You're the smartest little thing that I've met."

The otter closed its eyes and cooed at her before jumping into her arms with a squeak.

"And looks like I've been bribed by your cuteness," she said, looking at the otter cuddled in her arms.

***

Frolicking in the water, Rebecca heard the flap of wings and saw Jie Er land beside the pool. "Becky! You're back! How was the trip? Was Blaze Er well received?" Jie Er asked. The otter, who had chirped and rushed forward when she saw the pool, was currently hiding underwater. "<em>What</em> is that smell?" Jie Er sniffed, wrinkling her nose.

Rebecca pointed at the fish carcass near her chair.

"You're eating raw fish?" Jie Er joked.

"Umm... Jie Er, we may have a third child in the house," Rebecca answered, lifting the otter out of the water. The otter curled up cutely and cooed at the older angel.

Jie Er raised a brow at Rebecca. "There better be a good story behind this," she said with a hand on her hip.

Rebecca narrated her little incident while the otter scurried into Jie Er's arms, squeaking and chirping sweetly, leaving Jie Er defenseless against her charms.

"So, what did you decide to name her?" Jie Er sighed, brushing the otter's forehead. The otter chose that exact moment to wiggle out of Jie Er's arms and jump into the water with a splash.

"Splash?"

oOo

Blaze strutted towards a fuming Siofra, after their ninth match ended in a draw. Blaze had been dual wielding a wide bladed epee and a dagger, continuing his decision of being a jack of all trades.

This time he'd been cautious and prolonged the match into a drawn-out bout, lasting for over ten minutes of constant aerial battle. Over the past couple of weeks, training and sparring with each other had began to show a marked improvement in their skills.

Siofra's agility had forced him to improve upon his aerial maneuvers, while his increasing ability to keep up with her made her learn how to anticipate, dodge and counter his movements.

Towards the end, when both their reserves were beginning to run out, Blaze got the chance to perform a move that had been on his mind since his visit to Saket. <em>The Blazing Pirouette, </em>he called it despite there being nothing blazing about it.

Siofra had been forced to put some distance between them after one of their clashes and he picked the chance to shoot up into air. Not wanting to give him room to dive bomb her, she went after him. With wings wide open, he started spinning his body as he turned around and descended towards her, slowly closing his wings and increasing his angular velocity as he neared her.

The pixie immediately realized the potential behind the move and flitted away to dodge, but it had already been too late. Blaze opened his arms and <em>spun to win.</em>

However, he failed to accurately judge the effect the shorter dagger could have on his balance. His body tilted to the side and though the epee struck against her shield, the dagger missed by a few inches. It put him even more off balance and he floundered past the pixie.

Siofra could've used the chance to finish him, but she had seen him use his flexibility to make attacks from the weirdest of positions. So, she hesitated, and it cost her the match. Blaze veered away from her and they fought for a few more minutes before declaring it a draw.

"It's a draw, Siof! What are you so mad about?" he walked up to her and tickled her sides to cheer her up.

"Stop that!" she shouted. "You were using my weapons. Drawing that match was worse than losing against your glaive. You weren't even trying to win, except when you did that stupid spinning move. I shouldn't have hesitated!" she said angrily, kicking a loose pebble and making it skip across the field.

"That's the whole point isn't it? It's at a match between friends. Hopefully you will learn from it," he tried to console her. She wasn't usually that riled up about losing.

"I think I am becoming complacent because of you!" she screamed, but then realized what she had said and froze like a deer in the headlights.

Blaze might've been a little angry at that statement if he hadn't interacted with her mother. He walked up to her and placed a hand on her shoulder, lightly brushing her bushy orange hair. "Siof, your mother spoke to me while I was at Saket, so I can imagine where that outburst came from.

"I don't care about what other people say and I really, really want to be your friend. If you think our friendship makes you complacent, you just have to keep that in mind and try harder," he told her sincerely.

oOo

Elyssa took Blaze and Siofra out to town for lunch that weekend and after having some delicious kebabs at a Zara'ard themed restaurant, Blaze picked up that week's edition of the Aranyan weekly.

The shopkeeper who had been reading the newspaper herself, took one look at him and gave him a free copy. Pictures of Princess Ila and him were featured on the front page.

<em>PRINCESS ILA AND THE BLAZING FURY PUT ON A SHOW FOR THE REGNBAGE</em>

<em>...if princess Ila's dance was deeply moving, then the Blazing Fury's duet with Countess Edla Marigold's daughter Astrid was enthralling. As many angels who were present would agree, it was filled with the passion and desire of youth...</em>

<em>...The Blazing Fury has a hidden majesty that lets her stand on an equal footing beside Elyssa Marigold, but that is not to say that she is prideful or arrogant. She prefers anonymity and it was quite the challenge to get a personal interview...</em>

<em>When asked about upcoming under-sixty Martial tournament, the Fury was modest, even though she has already defeated a fourth year Houri. She expressed that she was too young and inexperienced for the tournament. </em>

<em>As for her ancestry, her mother seems to be as publicity shy as her daughter. I wasn't able to confirm, but the name Lokra suggests their ancestors migrated from the border towns of Angalnebo and Xian.</em>

<em>-</em> <em>Clio Elen Mousa, Reporter.</em>

"That's quite the article. She didn't shy away from putting you on a pedestal," Ely commented as she finished reading it over his shoulder.

Blaze nodded dumbly. Clio had somehow managed to put a positive spin even on his lust filled dance.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"But remember, she can just as easily push you off the pedestal and you will make a louder noise when you fall," she warned him. His elation instantly died.

<em>Why the Hela's butt did I have to display the Righteous Fury? </em>He liked fame but he didn't care for it enough to be in constant fear of the infamy it may bring him from a single mistake. And he was sure he would mess up at some point. He could only hope that Astrid was right about Clio.

Sighing, he moved on to the next article.

<em>The HU announces an Under Sixty Young Martial Arts Tournament</em>

<em>Everyone in Aranya is awaiting the upcoming Young Angel Martial Arts Tournament at D'Warka of The Holy Caledonian Empire. Our own Elyssa Marigold, despite being only 61, is one of the favorites to win the championship. But most were not even aware of a parallel tournament that had been in consideration for angels under 60.</em>

<em>The annual meeting of delegates of the Heavenly Union, held on the day of the Regnbage festival, has finalized the under-60 tournament to be held alongside the main event...</em>

<em>Some believe that this tournament is a direct result of the rising tensions with the Hela Empire...</em>

<em>The Blazing Fury has shown enough potential to have a go at the tournament. But is it a pipe dream to hope that Aranya wins both the championships?</em>

<em>-</em> <em>Vani Sulabha, HU correspondent.</em>

oOo

The varsity Flyball matches between the various classes of Tir began on Sunday. There were three brackets: Classes 1-3, 4-6 &amp; 7-9. The first bracket was the flightless.

Class 1A had their first match that morning, and Blaze sat in the dugout with Siofra. She was clearly not a fan of the sport but was happy enough with him there.

Aahna had appointed herself the team's manager and despite Blaze's complaints, she insisted they try and win without him. So, Blaze was reduced to watching the game from the sidelines.

The game ended with a score of 150-55 in Class 1A's favor. It wasn't even a competition.

After the match, a jubilant Rachel had accompanied Blaze and Siofra to watch Elyssa's 8<sup>th</sup> year match. Ely wasn't the best player on her team, but she was a decent batter and doubled as the keeper.

The trio sat on the grass field around the ground and watched the game while munching on salted sunflower seeds. A few older angels were scattered around the ground and Blaze couldn't help but be distracted by an angel with a perfect hourglass body sitting a few yards away from them.

"Any ideas on how to get on the good side of a Pegasus?" he asked Rachel as he gazed at the voluptuous angel. She wore a loose baby pink top and a modest skirt, but the hang of her majestic mountains was quite evident.

"Jealousy works wonders," Rachel replied, her focus on the match.

"Umm. This Pegasus is kinda scared of me." While Badava was not as frightened of him as before, she still didn't let him ride her. His only consolation was that his actions had been enough to gain Claudis' complete forgiveness, and he had restarted her <em>treatment.</em>

Rachel looked at him surprised. "What did you do?"

"Never mind that. Any other ideas?"

"I am sorry Blaze. The only way to get to a scared Pegasus is to spend quality time with it. Feeding, brushing and taking her for walks," she replied shaking her head.

Unfortunately, Blaze had done all that. And as he was about to reply the same, the 8<sup>th</sup> year suddenly spilled what looked like flavored milk down her top, making it stick to her skin. Two prominent nipples poked against the fabric, suddenly making Blaze feel thirsty.

"What's the matter, Big Bro? Jealous of her breasts?" Rachel asked impishly, leaning in and poking at his flat chest.

Siofra giggled and poked him from the other side. "Jealous? She doesn't even have any breasts to feel jealous. Maybe in a thousand years she can catch up to <em>her</em>," she said pointing at the angel in question.

Blaze put his arms around the two cheeky angels and pulled their heads under his shoulders. "Learn you must, my young padawans. Just because I don't have big breasts doesn't mean I can't like them."

The older girl, who had been furiously wiping at her top, heard their conversation and glanced at them.

"Nice shirt!" he shouted at her with a mischievous smile.

The angel raised a curious brow at him. "Thank you," she told him dryly and turned away.

The angel next to her leaned in to whisper in her ear. "You're the Blazing Fury?" the busty angel asked in surprise.

"Yep!" he gave her the charming smile he had been practicing.

"Can we get an autograph?" she asked him.

It was Blaze's turn to be surprised. <em>Ah! The perks of being famous</em>. He stood up and walked up to the older angel.

"Do you need a spare shift, big sis? I always carry one with me," he asked her.

"Big Sis? Just call me Ria, and this is Clara. And thank you for the offer, but I don't think your top will fit," she said eyeing his chest.

"We could still try it..."

Ria gave him a sarcastic look.

"Well, it was worth a shot," he laughed. "Are you in Ely's class or the other one?" he asked, flopping down beside her.

"Elyssa's. We were really excited when she decided to attend our class this year. Is it true that she switched because of you?"

"Probably," Blaze replied and suddenly changed his tone to a whisper. "Ria, I will tell you a secret about Ely. Don't tell her I said it, but she secretly wants big breasts. I don't know if they'd get in the way, though. What do you think?" he said, eyeing her breasts from the side. They were large, and heaved heavily as she sat up listening to him.,

Ria didn't seem to care about his actions and simply laughed, before pulling out a piece of parchment and a quillpen. Blaze quickly jotted his signature, ending it with a small cartoon of a flame.

He handed it to her and leaned in on her breast, feeling the softness against his shoulder. Ria, thinking he was just a cute junior, pulled him into a hug.

"She really wants those breasts, doesn't she?" Rachel remarked to Siofra in a loud teasing voice.

"Yeah, but do you see the look on her face. I think we should be careful with our own breasts around her," she replied, not trying to keep her voice down.

"You guys have nothing to fear," he shouted back at them. "At least for another twenty years."

With a few laughs they sat together again and turned their attention back to the match.

Elyssa's team batted second and despite it being a close one, they managed to pull off a victory. Elyssa only managed to score fifteen and she wasn't happy with it.

"Need some lessons from me, Ely?" he quipped at her as she returned.

"You were benched in a match against the 1<sup>st</sup> years. What am I supposed to learn from you? How <em>not</em> to get picked?"

"It's all tactics, little Ely. Let this pro teach you some tricks," he said, hooking her arm and pulling her to him.

oOo

Monday evening, Yulia greeted the class with an energy rifle, hefting its triangular barrel over her shoulder. In front of the trigger were three square polarizer blocks that were used to stabilize and direct energy. An energy sink hung underneath the lower block, between the barrel and the frame.

"Today, we shall begin training your external energy," spoke the teacher. "Can those of you who can already manifest external energy into physical forms please raise your hands!"

Almost the entire class, including Blaze and Siofra, raised their hands. They hadn't been using external energy in their training, but most of them could already draw and manifest it into small spheres.

"Are we going to practice external energy manipulation? Isn't that usually done in the fifth year when we have better control of it?" some girl from Siofra's class remarked.

"Yes, but with the under-60 tournament having been finalized, we want you all to be as well trained as possible," Yulia replied, her gaze flitting over Blaze and Siofra.

"Teach! I am not taking part in the tournament!" he protested.

"Nevertheless. Let's get started with the lesson. Who can tell me the difference between external and internal energy?"

Siofra put up her hand before Blaze. "Internal energy is the easy to use energy stored in our bodies. We use it in everyday life, like walking, sprinting, flying and fighting.

"External energy is the actively drawn energy from the surroundings and the Avast. It is not readily available to use for most things and needs to be converted to internal. We typically manifest energy weapons and fire energy weapons with it, but there are also certain techniques that allow it to be used in coordination with internal energy."

"Correct. Internal energy can be used in place of external energy, but not vice versa. But in battle, it is generally wise to preserve your internal energy for movement, while you use external energy for firing non-manifested energy weapons," Yulia said, aiming the rifle at one of the targets.

Her left hand on the barrel glowed with a silvery light and she fired a second later. A loud crack echoed through the field, leaving a fist sized smoking hole in the straw dummy.

"Or to condense your own energy weapons, like this." Yulia said, holding the rifle in one hand over her shoulder and concentrating on her open palm. A silvery ball of light formed and quickly took the shape of a small knife.

"Why bother with condensing energy weapons when you can just shoot rifles?" Blaze asked her.

"Have you ever fired a rifle, Ms. Blaze?" Yulia asked him with a raised brow.

Blaze shook his head.

"Has anyone else fired a rifle before?" she asked the class and several hands went up.

Yulia picked a student and handed her the weapon.

"Firstly, non-manifested energy weapons are not allowed in the tournament. But the practical reason is that rifles are neither as efficient nor as powerful as a manifested energy weapon. They are good in the hands of a regular soldier, but not in the hands of the elite, which I presume all of you would become," Yulia explained before turning to the student holding the rifle. "Can you fire the rifle at me?"

The girl immediately pointed the weapon at Yulia. Pale yellow energy gathered around at the base of the barrel in the energy sink, before the girl fired. Yellow energy zipped toward Yulia, leaving a yellow comet like trail in its wake.

The teacher's hand flashed into the path of the energy sphere and it collided against her hand with a small bang. It fizzled out with no effect. Blaze couldn't tell whether the shot was weak or Yulia was that much stronger than the younger angel.

"Body reinforcement," Yulia stated the obvious. "I could've used my body to block the shot, but using a hand is more efficient. Consumes less energy. Does that answer your question Ms. Blaze?"

Blaze nodded. He had more questions, but he was satisfied for now.

"Good. Getting back to the lesson, external energy manipulation is something that improves with practice. Today, I will teach you some of the common methods that make it easy. They will be useful throughout your lives, so make sure you pay attention. Tell me, how many of you have manifested stable energy weapons before?"

Only four girls including Siofra raised their hands. Blaze knew he could draw more external energy than normal for someone his age, but he had yet to manifest an energy weapon or even shape his external energy. Jie Er had deemed it better to improve his other skills first.

For the next half an hour, Yulia went over the various techniques of energy manifestation. Blaze chose the most intuitive one, bringing his hands together and focusing on forming a sphere in his hands. It was a bright reddish white ball, with flares of energy spilling out like a miniature sun.

Noticing the big ball of energy in Blaze's hands, Yulia walked up to him. "Now imagine a weapon and mold the energy. You must visualize it in your mind. The strength of the image in your head will help you in the physical manifestation. The stronger the visualization, the stronger the material," she spoke out for everyone to hear.

Blaze's obvious choice was the viridian bat. He knew its material, its weight, the feel of it in his hand, and the arrangement of its molecules. Using the information, he slowly started molding the energy sphere to his will.

The sphere began morphing, almost like clay putty, and soon he was holding a decent replica of his viridian. He had lost track of time in his concentration and Yulia had moved away from him at some point.

He looked around and found the students still struggling with their forms. Only Siofra seemed to be having some success with her epee, but it didn't seem as stable as his bat. Even the other three students who had claimed to have manifested physical weapons before were struggling to maintain a stable form of their weapons.

Slowly, students started noticing his bat, and their own manifestations disintegrated as their focus diverted towards Blaze's weapon.

"Very good, Ms. Blaze!" Yulia exclaimed. "Try moving it around."

Blaze swung it and instantly the form wavered. Before he could control it, it collapsed into a sphere. Disappointment flashed across his face, but Yulia gave him an encouraging smile before turning to the other students.

"You should emulate Ms. Blaze and try manifesting the weapon you are most familiar with. Keep up with the practice, Ms. Blaze. I think by the end of the year, you may have a stable weapon!"

The rest of the session was spent with students trying to manifest a solid shape and stabilize its form.

"What's the point of this? Aren't we better off using normal weapons in the tournament?" Blaze asked Yulia after class. However, it was Siofra who answered him.

"You're only allowed to bring one physical weapon to a match. But, imagine having an infinite arsenal of manifested weapons, even if they only last for one hit," she told him, and her answer sent his imagination wild with possibilities.

Yulia gave him a knowing grin and patted him on his back.

oOo

The week flew by quickly, and when Saturday came around, Blaze was longing to get back to Varan. He invited Siofra, but her mother had finally decided to have her back.

"Remember what I said!" he told her the day before.

"I know Blaze. I am my own person. I won't change my opinion in a couple of days because of something my mother says," she replied.Noticing the unsure expression on his face, she gave him a hug.

The journey to Varan went as usual with the excitable girl from Varan keeping their conversation going. When they landed at Varan, Blaze was in for a small surprise.

A small crowd of angles awaited his arrival along with Jie Er. He gave them a sheepish smile and hurried to Jie Er, pretending to be a shy child. It was obvious why they were there. He gave a wave as the angels approached and congratulated him.

Jie Er let him revel in the adulation for a little while before she readied her wings. Blaze manifested his own and the crowd let out a collective ooh of awe. He hadn't revealed his wings in Varan before, so he decided to show off, performing a mid-air barrel roll as he shot towards their home. The crowd cheered at his departure.

"Why don't you want to take part in the competition? It will be a good experience, even if you don't do well. Besides, you seem to enjoy the attention," Jie Er said as they soared across the hillocks and the golden grasslands.

"Meh. Don't I have time later, aunty? I can technically attend three more under sixty tournaments. I've learned enough at school to know that I'm not as strong as I thought."

"That is true."

"But if there was some wager involved, maybe I'd be more motivated," he continued with a lewd grin.

"Wager?"

"I dunno... Maybe the loser has to listen to the winner for a day or something," he mused.

Jie Er wryly shook her head at him. "Blaze Er... You've already attracted a lot of attention. You have to be more careful."

"I know, aunty. It was just a joke." <em>Or is it?</em>

When they reached home, he found more surprises. A large wooden shed as big as Blaze's room had replaced Sky's coop, and an exuberant little otter was running and playing with Sky. The twins Rin and Lin stood watching with smiles pasted on their faces.

"You guys are raising an otter?" Blaze asked, landing beside them. He expected Sky to rush at him like the previous time, but the bird turned his back on him. He pecked at the ground like a chicken searching for a worm.

"No, Splash is yours. Rebecca adopted her last week," Lin told him. Her short hair was now a pale green, but Blaze was now used to the twins switching their hair colors on a regular basis.

The otter curiously approached him, sniffing and taking in his scent. Though it was her first time meeting him, she had noticed his smell around the house.

"She is just like a little dog and very smart too. She also seems to be able to use the world energy to augment her running speed," Lin finished happily. She was the dog lover, and otters seemed to come under the same category for her.

"Splash?" Blaze acknowledged, picking up the otter under her forelegs and looking at her cute chubby face. <em>Yip yip </em>she barked while studying him with beady brown eyes.

<em>Squawk! </em>Sky reminded Blaze of his presence, eyeing him from the corner of his eye.

With a ladle in hand, Rebecca came out to greet them.

"What's up with him?" Blaze asked pointing at the pouting Sky, still pretending to ignore him.

"I think he is throwing a fit at you," Rin answered.

Blaze set the otter down, who excitedly ran around the angels' legs as Blaze walked up to Sky. He knelt beside the bird and poked at his tail feathers, noticing a neat sheen over his plumage. Owing to another growth spurt, Sky's head now stood well above his knees.

The bird clucked at him disapprovingly as Splash hopped to Sky's front and jumped up and down curiously. Blaze laughed and pulled at Sky's wing, feeling its soft cyan feathers. Sky snapped his beak at his fingers, making him hastily withdraw his hand.

Sky snorted and turned away, and Blaze once again reached forward. The Quetzal snapped at him again, but Blaze didn't move this time, though keenly aware that Sky could draw blood. The fast snapping beak slowed before closing on his hand, and Blaze felt only a small amount of pressure.

Sky gave him a muffled cry of annoyance before Blaze drew him into his arms.

<em>Squaa Squaa Sqauaaawk! </em>the bird cried out, finally unable to control his emotions. He clambered onto Blaze's chest, spreading apart his wings to wrap them around him, and prodding with his beak and peppering him with licks of his dry, sticky tongue.

"This little twerp! He didn't even notice it when I left for the weekend!" Rebecca laughed. "Let's go inside. Lunch is ready!"

The group feasted on lamb roast and potatoes. There was also a gnawed leg of a small deer for Sky and Splash.

"Where did you get that?" Blaze asked Rebecca. The leg was obviously hunted by an animal. <em>Was Sky already hunting?</em>

"It's not what you think. Splash and Sky stole it from the pack of wild dogs to the north east. They head out every morning to steal from the pack and they've gotten quite good at it over the past week. You should watch them tomorrow!!" Rebecca explained.

The rest of the afternoon flew by in a blur. Blaze didn't have the equipment or the stamina to keep up with four angels but with Rebecca's help, he had turned them into a mess of moans, squeals, and screams.

By the time evening rolled around, Blaze was signing copies of the Aranya Weekly for everyone on the twin's team. After he was done, the twins departed, but not before giving Blaze a goodbye kiss.

oOo

The next morning, Blaze accompanied Sky and the otter on their daily excursion.
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze hovered a couple of hundred feet in the air, observing the bird and the otter as they skirted around the edges of the dog territory. Invisible underneath the grass, Splash led the way while Sky followed with his head bobbing up and down the cover.

The dogs on their daily hunt spotted Blaze in the sky, but on realizing that he wasn't Rebecca they went back to trailing a small herd of deer. A couple of Carnikes also watched from the other side of the river but they couldn't compete with the dogs on open grasslands.

Blaze watched as the dogs expertly surrounded the herd, alarmed them into fleeing, singled out a doe, and took her down as a mob. He was tempted to save her but stopped himself and turned his attention to Sky and Splash.

Splash had smartly maneuvered downwind from the dogs and waited as the pack tore away at the deer carcass. Within a few minutes the doe lay dismembered, and the pungent smell of iron permeated the air. Splash gave Sky a nudge on his wing before scampering off.

Sky paused for a moment before giving a loud screech and shooting towards the dogs. Resisting his protective urges, Blaze forced himself to watch as Sky noisily circled the pack and dive-bombed them, carefully keeping away from their jaws; his movements were awfully familiar.

It looked like the dogs were used to this and instead of attacking the Quetzal, they chose to guard their prize. Blaze looked around for the otter, but to his surprise he couldn't spot her anymore.

The dogs were careful, but Sky's probing attacks eventually revealed an opening. One of the dogs couldn't resist lunging at the bird, who swerved away from its jaws. The otter burst out of the grass and zipped past the dog.

Before the pack could react, she grabbed a large chunk of meat and scurried back into the grass. The dogs didn't bother giving chase as Sky swooped down and picked the otter up by his claws; her thick skin preventing any damage.

Sky flew back heavily to Blaze, and the two animals presented him with the bloody meat, happily yipping and squawking at him.

"Good job!" Blaze praised them, shying from the raw meat.

Splash handed it to Sky, jumped on Blaze's shoulder, and wrapped around his neck before they flew home.

***

Blaze spent the rest of his time flying around the house with Sky. Knowing that Blaze was once again going to leave, the bird put on a show of his flying skills.

He swooped, soared, and barrel-rolled alongside him, mirroring Blaze's movements and refusing to land. So, Blaze decided to show him his Blazing Pirouette.

Sky keenly observed him for a few times before he shot up and away from Blaze, then starting to fly towards him. As he gained speed, he spread his wings wide apart and swung them around.

The bird easily spun in the air and added to the momentum by swinging his wings. As he drew close, he tucked in his wings. His spinning body barreled into Blaze's chest like a spiraling bullet.

"Oomph!" Blaze wheezed as the air was knocked out of him. Thankfully he had anticipated it and reinforced his body. "You can't do that when you're older, buddy. But that was freaking awesome!" he said, brushing under his crown.

Sky squawked happily in his arms as they returned home.

"I still can't take you with me, Sky," Blaze told him plaintively, after they landed in the garden.

<em>Squaaawk!, </em>Sky replied with indignation, turning around to waddle back into his shed. Blaze followed and silently brushed his crown, while the bird refused to look at him.

Finally, with a sigh, he kissed Sky's head and gently closed the door behind him.

The angels dropped him off at Varan and as the carriage flew back to Tir, Blaze's mind was beset with the guilt of constantly having to leave the Quetzal behind.

oOo

By the time he reached his combat training class that evening, Blaze was feeling a lot better. He was excited to continue his practice with energy manipulation.

He sat down to work on conjuring a simple daggerâ€”thinking of all the various ways to use temporary weapons in his fighting styleâ€”while Siofra went to challenge the other angels of their class and prepare for the upcoming tournament.

Though the dagger was smaller than the flyball bat, conjuring it proved to be more difficult. Having played years of baseball, the form and feel of a flyball bat was more familiar and that familiarity seemed to help.

After a few failed attempts, Blaze decided to try a different approach. From Yulia's lecture, he knew there was no <em>right </em>method of manifesting energy weapons and that different methods seemed to work for different people. To manifest a flyball bat, he usually gathered a large amount of external energy into a sphere and then molded it. This time he decided to build up on the energy.

He started with the handle of the dagger, slowly supplying it with external energy as it grew in size. His breath, his Anja, and the flow of energy into the dagger fell into sync with each other as he concentrated on its form. If his earlier method was akin to sculpting, this one felt like building an object a layer at a time.

As he finished the handle and began working on the blade, a shrill shriek suddenly broke him out of his concentration. It sounded like a cross between the cry of an eagle and the squawk of a parrot, echoing through the grasslands.

The dagger shimmered and collapsed with a pop. Blaze looked up at the sky in alarm.

He spotted two tiny figures flying towards him from the north-west; a group of young angels wielding weapons were close behind.

"Shit!" Blaze yelled as his heart leaped in his throat. He instantly manifested his wings and took off towards the bird, startling Siofra and the rest of the class.

Spotting Blaze, Sky let out a screech of happiness and furiously flapped his wings to reach him. With the otter under her claws, the bird could barely outfly the tailing angels. However, a familiar pigtailed brunette had almost caught up to them. A spear flew from her hand towards the bird.

"WATCH OUT!" Blaze screamed as the spear hurtled towards the Quetzal. Splash instinctively pulled on Sky's leg with her mouth and the bird swiveled to the right. The spear broke feathers and drew a sharp cry from Sky.

Blaze sped to the bird and Sky barreled into his chest. Noticing the crowd of frenzied angels making their way towards him, Blaze dove for the ground. He realized that fleeing could only make matters worse.

He landed on the ground, checking the two animals for wounds. Beneath the broken feathers, a few drops of blood pooled on his skin. Otherwise, Sky was alright, the spear only clipping and breaking the feathers. The mob of angels dropped around him like missiles.

As they surrounded them, the otter made herself as small as possible by hiding between Blaze's legs while Sky happily fluttered his wings, oblivious of his little wound.

"I KNEW IT!" a familiar voice drew Blaze's attention. "You are a demon spy!"

Blaze narrowed his eyes at Priscilla as she pointed her sword at with an ugly snarl that twisted her otherwise beautiful face. Rage erupted in his mind and his hands formed tight fists. No matter how much he wanted to punch her again, he wasn't stupid enough to get into a fight at that moment. There were eight fourth year angels and a teacher surrounding him.

"You're an idiot, Priscilla. And if you keep waving that sword at me or my bird, you're going to lose your fucking hand," he told her menacingly.

Blaze's tone and the glare in his eyes sent a chill down Priscilla's spine. She did not understand what the word meant, but the seriousness in his voice made her pause. He had not pulled out a weapon on her or the other angles despite the imminent threat, but she could tell that he wouldn't hesitate if they made any moves.

Soon, Yulia and a couple of the other teachers arrived, followed by more students. Sky's path and timing meant that he had flown over at least a few classes. They watched in stupefaction as they saw the bird in Blaze's arms. Siofra wanted to join his side, but she understood that her presence could make things worse.

"I KNEW IT!" Priscilla said to her new audience. "Didn't I tell you there was something wrong with her? My cousin was also talking about the strange dance she performed at Saket," she said, looking at her gang for confirmation and support. "She has a Quetzal as a pet. She is obviously a demon in disguise, and the pixie is probably in on it!"

Yulia spoke before Blaze could say something that would make matters worse. "Calm down angels. We shouldn't jump to hasty conclusions. Siofra, can you fly to the headmistress's office and bring her here?"

"Yes, Min Yulia," Siofra replied and immediately took off.

Blaze calmed himself and sat down with the two animals, softly asking how they got there. There was no way they could've tracked him when most of his journey had been in the air.

Priscilla was bothered by his sudden calmness. <em>Was it not a Quetzal?</em>

"Is it a Quetzal, Ms. Blaze?" Yulia asked the question on everyone's mind.

"Yes," Blaze replied calmly. He realized the importance of Sky to the angels and his mind raced with all the possible outcomes that could happen to him and the bird.

Yulia nodded and fell silent.

Headmistress Fiora rushed across the training grounds. Relief flooded her when she spotted Blaze and his pets unharmed.

"Is it your Quetzal, Ms. Blaze?" she asked him seriously.

"Yes! And if you look at his wing colors, you will realize he is an angel Quetzal," Blaze replied loudly and clearly for everyone to hear.

"So she says, but what's the proof? I think she is a demon trying to fool us," Priscilla let her opinion be known.

Fiora frowned at the young Malakim. "I think Ms. Blaze and her family are the last ones that can be suspected of supporting or being demons, Ms. Priscilla," Fiora told her flatly and turned to everyone else. "I suggest you put your weapons away. This is a matter that none of us present can decide. Go to your dorms. Your classes are done for the day," she declared and turned to Blaze. "You're coming with me, Ms. Blaze"

"I don't think Jie Er and Rebecca are going to be pleased with you two," he softly told the two animals as he picked up the Quetzal in his arms while the otter ran up his shoulder and around his neck.

***

"Why is it that I can't seem to find a moment of peace ever since you've arrived, Ms. Blaze?" Fiora sighed as they sat in her office. A lot of curious eyes had followed them along their way, but one look at Fiora's face made them hesitant to approach.

Blaze shrugged his shoulders in response. He had always been a trouble seeker but was never the one to get caught or attract unnecessary attention. In Azra-El, he couldn't seem to accomplish that last part.

"Care to tell-" Fiora began but was interrupted by a knock on her door. "YES?"

Alice peeked in. "umm... headmistress? There are two angels who say that its urgent that they see you. I think one of them is her mother," she said pointing at Blaze.

"Send them in."

"I guess they realized <em>these two</em> were coming here," Blaze said, rubbing their heads while Splash curiously sniffed at Siofra sitting next to them. However, the pixie's attention was entirely occupied by the Quetzal, who was happily gnawing on Blaze's hand.

Jie Er and Rebecca burst into the office, and the two animals gave squeals of delight as they rushed towards them. Rebecca simply hugged the otter, while Jie Er began scolding them.

Elyssa suddenly barged into the room a moment later, interrupting Jie Er's rant. "I heard-" she started but sucked in a deep breath as she spotted Sky. "Quetzal!" she exclaimed.

"Yes, Miss Elyssa. I suppose you already knew about this? Does Anastasia know?" Fiora asked Ely.

But Ely shook her head, gazing at the bird in awe. "No," she muttered and turned to Blaze. "Is it really yours? Why didn't you tell me?"

"It was supposed to be a surprise..." he muttered.

Fiora sighed. "You should all sit down. Seems like we have a lot to discuss."

They all sat down in front of the principal's desk and Blaze began to narrate his story of finding the Quetzal.

"I am so sorry, Blaze Er. I was sure I had locked the shed before going to sleep, and we didn't realize until this morning that these two had run away," Jie Er said apologetically.

"We first thought that they went out to mess with the dogs but when they didn't return for a long time, we realized that they had followed you and so came as fast as we could. Have a lot of people spotted him?" Rebecca asked.

"Yes. At least a few classes and their teachers. I doubt we can keep him a secret any longer. It's not your fault. Who could've guessed that an otter and a Quetzal could make such a good team?" Blaze said.

Rebecca gave the otter a gentle rap on her head. "I think it was this one's idea. She probably let Sky out too. I just don't understand how they seem to communicate so well with each other."

"In any case. We have to discuss how to approach this, Ms. Jie Er. This news is going to spread faster than the one about Blaze being a Righteous Fury. I need to inform all the related authorities, but we can discuss our mode of approach before I do that." Fiora said, before turning a stern gaze to Ely. "I think you need to call your mother, Ms. Elyssa."

Elyssa pulled out a VP and sent some energy into the stone. Hearing the familiar static click of the connection, she screamed into it "MOM!"

"Yes, dear?" Anastasia's voice spoke out of the jade.

"We may have a small problem."

"What did Blaze do?"

"Hey!" Blaze cried out in protest as the angels in the room smiled at the irony.

"So... Blaze has a cyan colored quetzal as a pet. We are pretty sure it's an angelic Quetzal. But that is not the problem. It decided to drop in at school this evening and at least a hundred angels have spotted him. I'm in the headmistress' office with Blaze, Jie Er and Rebecca, and a couple of others," she explained in one burst.

The VP went silent for a moment. "Why haven't you told me this before?"

"I only learned about him just now. But he is an angel quetzal, mom! He has the wings for it. You'll know when you see him. He is a cutie and really nice. He is bonded to Blaze, so you can't take him away," Elyssa elaborated, trying to reach her fingers towards Sky. The Quetzal looked at her curiously before letting Elyssa pet him on the beak.

Anastasia's voice carried clearly over the VP, "Fiora, we need to coordinate on the notifications we will be sending. I suspect there will be another delegate meeting over this. I think it's best if we make Tir the venue. I can tell all of you now that there will be angels trying to take the Quetzal away from you, Blaze."

"How can they do that?" Blaze blurted out. He could understand if he didn't have any potential. Sky needed a powerful rider, despite the fact that the angels' main focus would be to get more progeny from the quetzal. But most quetzals only had a few hatchlings during their long lifespans.

Hoping for an army of quetzals intended to go into war was stupid in the short term. Besides, Sky was the only one of his kind and there was no guarantee that subsequent Quetzals would be like him.

"Politics, Blaze. Though Aranya is an independent country, The Holy Caledonian Empire still holds a lot of sway. Most of our nobility are originally from Caledonia. The Queen of Aranya cannot directly oppose them.

"The Malakim are also very strong in Caledonia and Aranya. They will probably claim that Sky is better off in the hands of a more mature angel, who will incidentally be someone they can influence."

"If I am not a suitable candidate, can't we have Elyssa take him?" he asked in dismay. He glanced at Jie Er but her expression was as serious as Fiora's. She could only give him a helpless smile, but something about the way she did it gave him a little confidence.

"It's not that simple Blaze. The Caledonian Empire will stake a claim on him no matter what. Just because you found the first angelic Quetzal doesn't give you the right to keep him. A few societies may also try to claim him, though I think our biggest problem will be the Malakim and the Caledonian empire.

"I know you're bonded to the bird, but she is still young. Many will think that your bond can be broken.

"Our best option right now is to think about what we're going to say at the meeting. It may decide the Quetzal's future. What are your thoughts, Fiora?" Anastasia asked.

"Same. I will let Alice help them prepare them for the meeting. But what is our agenda going to be?" Fiora said.

"Anything to make sure that the Quetzal stays with Blaze. Blaze has immense potential and the bird is already bonded to him, so we can use that. But those won't be enough. I suggest that two of us prepare our own approach and then get together to discuss it. You should also immediately call the Wise One," Anastasia replied.

"Good! How about we force a delegate meeting to discuss the Quetzal on Thursday? It won't give our opponents enough time to prepare," Fiora suggested.

"Possibly. Take my daughter's VP, Fiora. We need to stay in touch over the next couple of days."

"What about us?" Blaze finally asked, pointing at his group.

"Just try to not cause any more scenes before the meeting, Blaze. Talk to Claudis about housing the Quetzal. Ms. Jie Er and Ms. Rebecca, I think it would be better if the two of you were not present at the meeting. We want to avoid questions about why you didn't bring Sky to the authorities when you first found him. Unless, you have other plans, Ms. Jie Er," Fiora answered.

"No," Jie Er agreed.

***

"When you said you wanted a Quetzal, I had no clue that you already had one!" Claudis said, looking at Sky in a daze. Varying emotions swelled up at the sight of the Quetzal, but Claudis really couldn't really hate any animal. She gave her Pegasi's stall to Sky and offered Blaze to sleep with her for the next couple of nights

Jie Er and Rebecca decided to head back to Varan with the otter. They had flown to Tir in a hurry and had other things to attend to. But before they left, Jie Er pulled Blaze to the side. She noticed his anxiety and her heart wrenched at the fact. She pulled him into a silent hug, wrapped her arms around him, and brushed his head consolingly.

"How can they take Sky away, aunty?" Blaze choked as his emotions burst out in the comfort of Jie Er's presence.

Jie Er pondered silently for a moment before she spoke, "Blaze. No matter what happens, just remember that I will never let anyone take Sky away from you," she whispered gently.

Blaze wasn't sure if she was comforting him, but he chose to accept her words. They brought him immense relief.

***

Blaze informed his classmates about Sky the next morning.

"You have a freaking Quetzal!?" Rachel shouted over the breakfast table.

"Big bro is really awesome. When you said you wanted to ride a Quetzal on the first day of Pegasi riding class, I thought it was just wishful thinking. Little did I know that you already had one," Aahna said dreamily.

"Is it really an angel Quetzal? Can we go see him?" Rachel asked for confirmation.

"Yes. Unless you believe he can change the color of his wings. We can go see him after classes this evening."

"Ay! Can we ride him when he grows up?"

"Only if he lets you."

"Awww."

***

By lunch, rumors about Blaze and Sky began to spread throughout the campus, and Blaze sought refuge with Elyssa during lunch. With Ely around, angels hesitated to bother him. Some angels looked at him in awe, while others eyed him with suspicion.

But Blaze was too worried to be bothered by mere looks. The fact that Sky could be taken away for flimsy reasons both enraged him and left him feeling helpless. He was too weak to do anything about it. <em>Wait! I could use Clio! </em>
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Ely! Do we have a way to contact Astrid? It's urgent," he asked her, pulling at her top.

"Er... I think so. Why?"

Blaze explained his idea and she looked around in her space ring for a moment before she brought out a jade stone. "This one connects to Saket's central messaging system. I will ask them to get us in touch with her."

The VP rang twenty minutes later, and Blaze grabbed it from Elyssa.

"ASTRID!" he almost screamed into the VP. "I need to get into contact with Clio. Can she come here by tonight? I've got a good scoop for her."

"What's this about?" Astrid asked lazily. They could hear the sounds of silverware and it was apparent she was eating.

"I've had an angelic Quetzal named Sky as a pet for the past three months. I need Clio's help and I am sure she would love to be the first one to write about him. Can you talk to her and send her to Tir as soon as you can?"

Astrid's silverware made an audible clunk as she dropped them on her plate.

"Are you serious?

"YES!"

"Okay, I will go meet her and make sure she gets there by the evening."

"Thank you, Astrid! Please make sure Clio gets here. I will talk to you later," Blaze finished.

oOoOo

<strong>Q &amp; A </strong>(I am running out of questions here. Rance?)

Q. How smart are the angels?

A. I consider the angels to be more intelligent than humans. For comparison, let's say the average IQ of a human is 100, then that of the angels is 120 or 125. They also have much longer lifespans requiring a better memory capacity.

Q. If they are smarter, why are they technologically more backward?

A. Smaller populations.

Q. How does Saket's central messaging system work?

A. Kinda like the old telegraph service. Voice Projectors are a limited resource, so Saket has a center that connects with towns, nobles and other important persons. So, one can call the center and request to be connected to another person for a small fee. A VP is then taken to that person.

Q. So what do dragons eat?

A. Stars. Yes, Phil and Betty are potentially my food, but now I've grown attached to them. <em>Dammit. This is why mama said not to play with my food.</em>

We don't eat all stars though, and never the ones with life or potential for life. We only eat stars to prolong our life span. The lifespan of dragons depends on the number/quality of stars they eat, but most chose to whittle away and disappear after a few billion years. They get bored of living.

Q. My mom and dad?

A. I've no idea where they are. I got lost a hundred million years ago. They maybe traipsing along the galaxies in search of me or maybe they're just taking a long nap, hoping I'd return on my own. You can never tell with dragons. I haven't seen my older brother since I was only a million years old. They say he went out to explore on his own, but I am not too sure now. Maybe he is just as lost as I am. He is almost a billion years old now. Mum is 2.5 billion and Dad is 2.6 billion. I am 222 million.

<strong>Response to Comments</strong>

<em>Rance: </em>Where have you disappeared? Don't tell me that Momo let you into Azra-El. Those poor angels. What will happen to them?

<em>ReaderReaderFic</em>: Tattoos. That should be a thing :P. The Vaikunheim may take some time to make another appearance.

<em>Birdisthword</em>: Thanks for all your other comments to Bird. I've read them all and I sent a reply through lit. Maybe you didn't get it. I am glad you think so highly of my work.

<em>QuantumTruth</em>: Haha. The only dragon for now is me :P. Thank you for your review.

<em>Wank65</em>: Haha, I think this chapter will make you ship Blaze and Astrid even more. But Blaze and Elyssa's is the final carrier that is yet to be built :P.

<em>BC</em>: Blaze has already explained about himself to his new family and Elyssa. I would imagine the first reaction most angels would have about humans is what we have towards chimps. Shorter lifespans and not as intelligent. But you're right, the interactions would become interesting -- Individually, a human may not appear too capable to the angels but as a collective they'd be surprised by how much the humans can accomplish.

<em>Finbar</em>: Thank you for praise, mate. It was super uplifting. I can keep getting better because of comments like yours ðŸ˜Š.

Jie Er, Rebecca and Ely all know about Blaze's previous life and I reckon he's told them a lot about Earth, even if their conversations don't appear in the novel. Do they believe him? -- To a certain extent. Though they may harbor doubts arising from his curious hatching. They also may not 'respect' humans enough, as they are so short lived. What would you think when you hear of an intelligent species of dogs or monkeys that only live for 20 years? You may be surprised by their huge populations and the amount of stuff they build, but you may think they cannot be as 'aware'/learned as you are. Anyway, that was a random philosophical tangent. <br >Discussing culture shock sounds interesting. I will think of ways to add it somewhere.<br >As for technology discussion -- I am waiting for the right moment to do it.

<em>Dhrew</em>: Gah! No more dancing for me :P, even if I had a lot of fun writing them. I am glad you enjoyed the dance scenes. <br >I think you're a little incorrect. Blaze has no interest in banging 'Grannies' -- this came up before -- Once, when he met the mayor of Varan. He is perfectly fine with Milfs -- Fiora and Caludis are both Milfs, even if they don't look like it. Even Jie Er could technically be a young Milf to Blaze. It depends on your definition.<br >The problem with Azrael is that Gilfs look like Milfs and Blaze will have a 'hard' time reconciling with that. Think of it as a character quirk.<br >Aurnia and Manjushri are well over 300 -- that is equivalent to a sixty or seventy-year-old human. Their physical appearance may not look like it, but their energy aura definitely does. Though Blaze has not used his Anja enough, Angels do 'see' with their Anja as well. <br >I personally don't have an issue with most sexual prefs. I am a big fan of 'younger' milfs.<br >Tournament: It's a parallel tournament for under 60's (not the one Ely is going to take part in). Priscilla is 50 and though she isn't the strongest of her age, she is pretty good. However, Blaze is definitely under prepared for the tournament. That's why he doesn't really want to join it. But he may not be able to avoid it. (No random power ups and he will have around 8 months to prepare.) The tourney is at the end of the school year.

<em>Theother1gater</em>: Why does AzraEl look like Australia? That was the first question I had for myself when I drew it. I answered it in my Q&amp;A in earlier chapters. It just turned out that way. I am not an Australian. But ironically, my editor is :P. However, the similarities of AzraEl end with the shape. The continent is larger than Asia and is the northern hemisphere (thus climate will look different than Australia's). Even the shape is only similar on depictions of a flat map. It gets much narrower towards the poles.

<em>Ahren</em>: How do you like the real side of Miss Tango?

Q. How do you train bees? <br >A. With a stinger.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 15|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Author's Note:</strong> I apologize for the late chapter. It's been a busy time for both me and my editor. 

<em>Chapter Edited by the extraordinary Alex Lawrence aka DankMemez</em>. 

<strong>Looking for Editors:</strong> Dankmemez has been helping me edit since chapter 11. He has been massively instrumental in my improvement and has put his heart into editing my work. Unfortunately, he cannot continue any longer due to other responsibilities in his life. 

<em>DrasticXplorer</em> was co-editor of Chapter 14, but he was busy for the current chapter. I am hoping for volunteers in the likelihood that he is not available for the next as well. 

<strong>Lore:</strong> 

<strong>Tir's School year:</strong> Most academies in the Heavenly Union follow a quarter system. Four quarters with three breaks in between. Winter break (3 weeks), Spring break (2 weeks), and Summer break (3 weeks). Each quarter is ten weeks long. 

<em>Note:</em> The next three quarters will go by quickly and there maybe a couple of time jumps/skips. 

<strong>Virtues:</strong> The angel philosophers often argue about the list of virtues that are essential for a good angel. The list is sometimes divided into <em>cardinal</em> virtues and <em>hinge</em> virtues that hinge on the cardinal virtues. 

<em>Cardinal Virtues:</em> Wisdom, Justice, Temperance and Courage are often accepted to be the cardinal virtues. The Hashmallim insist that Love should also be included amongst them. 

A cardinal virtue isn't necessarily superior to other virtues. 

<em>Hinge virtues:</em> Mercy, Faith, Hope, &amp; Charity. The Malakim think that faith, love and mercy combined give the highest virtuosity. 

Most societies in the HU were formed by the emphasis on a certain virtue by different groups of people. The Malakim first started out with faith as their primary virtue. But it slowly changed to include beauty and mercy. Their core current tenet is that inner beauty is reflected on the outside 

<strong>Blaze and Elyssa's Virtues:</strong> As some of you have noticed, Blaze and Elyssa are very similar in a lot of aspects. That's why they are such good friends. However, the virtues that differentiate them areâ€“ Elyssa has more temperance while Blaze has more valor. I will leave the readers to decide the others. 

<strong><em>Recap</em></strong>: Blaze, a 19-year old angel, hatches out of a large feathered egg on the continent of Azra-El. A kind and beautiful angel named Jie Er takes him in and Blaze begins his new life, slowly learning about his new powers and the new world he has appeared in. 

The continent is divided into two main races: the angels and the demons. Though Blaze's memories are human, the kindness of some of the angels around him starts to influence his thoughts. He wants to identify with his angelic side and is afraid of the possibility that there could be something demonic inside him, though his wayward feelings may merely be his humanity. 

During his adventures, he rescues a baby bird belonging to a species of gigantic bird that is usually considered to be demonic. However, the bird turns out to be an angelic version and different groups of angels are currently vying for it. 

The angel society is subdivided into nine societies/groups, structured around various virtues (refer to the lore). The Malakim are the main obstruction between Blaze and his bird, Sky. 

<strong>Special thanks</strong> to Mike Siegmund, <em>Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall and John Weikel for supporting my work.</em> 

<em>"Justice is the first virtue of society; for virtues without justice are either weak or amount to sin." â€“ Karalyn Forseti, Prima Justiciar of the Seraphim.</em> 

Chapter 15 

"Ms. Blaze! You were supposed to be here an hour ago," Clio complained as Blaze swooped down into an empty clearing in the Bloomsder woods of Tir Academy. Astrid had set up their meeting for midnight, and neither angel had been sure if the other would make it. 

"Sorry. I had to make sure that Claudis was tired enough and asleep before I tried to sneak away. She is my Pegasi instructor and I've been staying with her over the past couple of days," he said. 

Clio blinked in confusion before she set her hands on her hips. "Geez. How many angels do you have under your charm?" she spoke, wryly shaking her head. 

"It's <em>not</em> a charm!" 

"Could've fooled me." 

"You're not charmed, are you?" he grumbled. 

"Well, I did drop all my affairs just to fly all the way from Sekat, sneaked into Tir, and waited an hour in the dark without having any clue about why I am here," Clio ranted, pursing her heavy lips. 

"Yeah yeah. I am sure it had <em>nothing</em> to do with being the first one to get a scoop," he quipped sarcastically. 

"So, what's this about?" she sighed. 

Blaze took in a deep breath before speaking, "I have a quetzal." 

"Right. And I'm the daughter of Hela," she said, rolling her eyes. But she looked at him again and his seriousness made her stiffen. "You're a demon!" she cried, pulling out a short silvery sword. 

Blaze instinctively took a step back. 

"Back, you demon! Back! I will not let your devilish charm trick me anymore!" she screeched at him, wildly flourishing the sword around. One look at her form confirmed that she wasn't any good it. 

<em>At least she is good with other tools</em>, he thought before speaking. "Will you quit that! Listen to what people have to say before you draw hasty conclusions. Maybe-" Blaze started, but a flutter of wings stopped him in mid-sentence. 

Blaze had made Sky wait within the confines of the trees, but it seemed like the bird had enough of waiting. 

Sky's wings shone under the moonlight as he landed on Blaze's shoulder and flapped them to steady himself. Blaze had to lean his head to the side to make room for the hefty bird, who had grown plumper over the past couple of weeks. 

Clio gaped at the quetzal unblinkingly. "It's an angel quetzal!" she gasped after a second. Even under the moonlight, one could easily make out the color of his feathers. 

"Yup!" Blaze smiled, scratching Sky's wing as he twittered and cuddled against the side of his head. The bird's feathers brought warmth in the cold winter night. 

"You've had it for a while?" Clio asked, unable to believe her eyes. 

"Yes. He's been living at my home, hidden. But things have changed, and I need your help with something." 

Clio nodded dumbly, reaching a hand to touch Sky's parrot like beak and see if he was real. Sky snapped at Clio, making her squeak and pull her hand away. 

"He is still a quetzal," Blaze cautioned, lightly pulling on Sky's wing as the bird growled at the reporter in warning. 

"What do you need from me?" Clio asked, trying to compose herself. She straightened her back, pushed a lock of her yellow hair behind her ear, and pulled out her notebook and quillpen. "No, tell me the whole story, first." 

Blaze quickly gave her an account of Sky's tale and what he needed from Clio. His hope was for the reporter to write a story that could move the people of Aranya in his favor. 

"You want me to write against the Malakim, in your support?" Clio exclaimed with wide eyes. 

"Yes, but you don't have to do it explicitly," he replied, noticing the hesitation in her eyes. Stepping up to her, he took her hands in his. "I raised him, Clio. I can't lose him or give him away," he told her passionately. "Maybe, if I thought it was the best for him. But I <em>know</em> it is not. I don't need or want you to lie for me, Clio. Just make sure it is touching. 

"You're Aranyan. Do you want the Malakim to claim our quetzal and give him away to the Holy Caledonian Empire!" 

Clio bit her lip and nervously looked into his eyes. He could tell she was afraid as her eyes darted about. 

She watched the bird as he eyed her back in return. "Does Countess Astrid know about this?" she asked, slowly coming to a decision. 

"She knows about Sky, but I haven't told her about my plan," he replied honestly. He understood why Clio would ask such a question. The only reason he hadn't discussed it with Astrid was because he hadn't had the time. Clio didn't need to know that. 

"Good. I suggest you keep this between us until my words get published. The Aranyan weekly doesn't print until the weekend, but I have access to the daily bulletin. I will try to get something printed by tomorrow or the day after," she told him firmly. "When do you think the meeting will occur?" 

Relief flooded Blaze, and his attention finally turned to how close he was standing to the reporter. He was so close that he could clearly make out the pattern of the light brown freckles on her pale white face and neck. 

"Headmistress Fiora tried to hold it tomorrow, but it looks like that won't happen. The Caledonian empire is insisting that it be held on Xihedie (Friday). I think that's actually good for what we are planning," he said, trying to push down his arousal. It just didn't feel right at that moment. 

Clio noticed the fire in his eyes and blushed. "Okay. I should hurry back then. I will barely have enough time to get back and finish the story," she said, stepping back and averting her gaze. 

"Thank you! Elyssa has a carriage waiting for you at the Wind Chime tavern. Please take it for your ride back," he said, finally letting go of her thin warm hands. 

"Will do. I will come back for more details and a picture of the quetzal. You owe me those," she said, turning around and quickly manifesting a pair of lavender pink wings. "umm... Blaze?" she said with a hesitant pause. 

"Yes?" he asked, as something lurched in his shorts. 

"Good luck," she said after a brief pause, and took off into the skies. 

oOo 

Alice appeared during his History class the next afternoon. Fiora had asked for his presence, and the two quickly flew to the registrar's office. 

Blaze found the headmistress behind her desk and staring at a piece of paper. When he approached, she silently handed it to him with a gaze that made her seriousness evident. 

The paper was a single page bulletin, published by the same publishing house as the Aranyan Weekly. Clio's article made the first headline. 

<em>Aranya houses the first angel Quetzal, but maybe not for long.</em> 

<em>The Blazing Fury may need a new title. A few months before attending Tir, Blaze Er Lokra saved a little hatchling from the jaws of an adult Xenodon. Compassion let the Fury risk her life for another creature. Some may call it the foolhardiness of youth, but I prefer to call it valor.</em> 

<em>By the will of the world goddess, that little bird is the Heavenly Union's first angelic quetzal! Wings as blue as the clear skies and under feathers as white as the cumulus clouds.</em> 

<em>The quetzal is still a fledgling, but one can already imagine its future majesty: the wings of Sky casting a shadow on the demons as it soars over the battlesky. And, on its back will be our Righteous Fury, his wings and hair like a blazing fire. Which demon will be bold enough to stray into their path?</em> 

<em>I cannot wait for the day to see these two friends lead our country to greatness and prosperity. This is a dream that cannot just be mine. It should be the dream of all Aranyans. But it may not come to fruition.</em> 

<em>The Malakim have begun to make claims for the bird, and if they win, the quetzal will surely go to the Caledonian Empire. The truth is that the empire and its candidates may currently appear to be more appropriate for raising the quetzal. But Blaze is only twenty. Can these angels match her when she is the same age as them?</em> 

<em>Do we want to give away our rights of the quetzal, merely over the arbitrary claims of the Caledonian empire? Are we so weak that we cannot retain what's rightfully ours? The Blazing fury and the quetzal are ours and I believe we need to strongly protest against anyone trying to take our Sky away from us. Will we not defend our own?</em> 

<em>The Blazing Fury of the Sky belongs to Aranya.</em> 

<em>â€“- Clio Elen Mousa, Reporter of the Aranyan Weekly.</em> 

"I suppose this is your work?" Fiora asked impassively, once he finished reading the article. Clio had once again exceeded his expectations with her writing. Though it was a little theatrical, it was very appropriate for what he wanted. 

"Yes," he answered curtly, not bothering to deny it. 

"Why didn't you discuss it with me?" 

"Would you have allowed it if I had?" 

"No." 

"Exactly!" 

Fiora sighed. "Do you realize the spot you put me in, Blaze? This happened on my campus. If I claim that I allowed for this to happen, it would imply that I am blatantly working against the Malakim; something that is not fitting for someone in my position. If I don't, then the onus will be on you." 

Blaze's eyes widened in realization. In his anxiousness to do something, Fiora's position had not even crossed his mind. Even Elyssa had not thought of it or if she had, she had failed to mention it. 

"I am sorry, Min Fiora. But I don't think I would've done any differently. I refuse to hand over Sky. If I have to, I will take him and go into hiding," Blaze said emphatically. 

Fiora sighed again. "Still, you should've sought my advice. The meeting was intended to be held discreetly. This article has completely upset our method of approach." 

"What difference does it even make?" 

"If you hadn't made this public, it would've given us room to postpone the decision if things didn't go our way during the meeting," she said, rapidly tapping a finger on her table. "It could've given us room to gather allies and organize support. Now the Malakim will force a decision before public opinion works against them." 

Blaze nodded but his expression remained unapologetic. He still felt that what he had done was right. "What do you intend to do now?" he asked after a moment. 

"I am not sure. I could try and convince the Malakim that this article is all Ms. Clio's doing? It's pretty thin, but it may at least divert them away from you. Despite all their talk about mercy, the Malakim are a vengeful lot, Blaze," Fiora answered grimly. 

"No!" Blaze said immediately. "This was my idea. Though I am sure Clio was aware of the risks she was taking, I will not let her take blame for my decisions," he replied resolutely. 

Fiora studied his face for a moment, before a slight smile sprouted on her red lips. "I guess valor has always been one of your stronger virtues, Ms. Blaze," she exhaled. 

"Does that mean you're giving me away to the Erelim?" he joked. If lust was his sin, courage was his virtue. But he didn't value it as much as some of the other virtues. He'd rather be known for his intellect and prowess. 

"I never said that you were not intelligent. We just have to ingrain some wisdom in there. You have time." 

Blaze couldn't disagree. How could he compete with the wisdom of an angel hundreds of years older than him? 

"Well, that's all I wanted to discuss. You're free to go," she said, waving her hand at him. "Please tell me if you have anything else planned," she added after a pause. 

A flash of disappointment crossed his eyes. He had been hoping for something more when he came to meet Fiora. He loved the look of seriousness in Fiora's eyes and she was currently very serious. 

However, he didn't push his luck. "No, I have nothing else planned," he reassured her. "Thank you and I am sorry, Min Fiora. I will tell you if I have any more <em>bright</em> ideas." 

Fiora resisted her instinct to smile at his cheekiness. She knew that if she did, she would soon find herself under him, and she did not want to reward him for doing something impulsive. She simply nodded and pretended to go back to reading some papers. 

Blaze gave out a sigh of dissatisfaction and took his leave, imagining taking her from behind and her breasts swaying with each thrust while Alice watched through the door. 

oOo 

A tense atmosphere prevailed in the school over the next couple of days. News about Blaze, Sky and the upcoming meeting spread through the campus like wildfire. 

Claudis's home was often swarmed in the evenings by students hoping to catch a glimpse of Sky. But the veteran knight managed to keep the quetzal away from the students. 

Blaze suddenly found himself a lot more supporters. No matter what the students or the Malakim thought of him, most seemed to side with him. Before, he was only a strong angel who had sided with a pixie. Now, he was a potential quetzal rider of Aranya, and the students of Tir were mostly Aranyan. 

After lunch on Hadie (Friday), Siofra and his classmates saw Blaze off as he flew towards the Registrar's office with Elyssa. 

"Don't worry, mom is going to be there. She will take your side no matter what," Elyssa told him. 

"Aunty Lynn? What's she doing here?" he asked in surprise. He had expected Anastasia instead of the general. 

"She is here to represent the Erelim, but as I said, she is on your side." 

Blaze nodded grimly. He wished he also had Jie Er or Rebecca with him, but Fiora and the duchess had deemed it inappropriate to have their presence. 

Alice received them at the entrance of the building and after giving him a few words of advice, she led him to the meeting room on the first floor. 

The closed wooden door to the meeting room seemed daunting as Blaze paused outside it. He glanced at Elyssa and gave her a nervous smile. She nodded at him encouragingly. 

Taking in a deep breath, Blaze pushed open the door and walked in. Elyssa and Alice chose to stay out. 

<em>Squaawk!</em> Sky cried and jumped out of Claudis's hands to fly into his arms. Claudis had brought the bird to present it to the delegates. The bird clung to his shirt and wrapped his wings around him. He seemed to sense something was off about everything. 

Blaze cooed and brushed his feathers before turning to look around. Fiora sat at the lead chair of a large mahogany table, seating ten grandly dressed angels. Two plaques labelled <em>Tir</em> and <em>Ophanim</em> lay in front of her. 

Blaze felt their gazes on him as he looked around. He recognized most of the angels from the meeting at Sekat, but one angel immediately drew his attention. 

Cardinal Amanah Tudor of the Malakim sat at the far end of the table and was staring down at him with her fake and venomous smile. 

The angels around the table seemed to represent each one of the nine societies. However, there was an odd one out among the group. Sitting on the right side of the table was the Xianese nobility Blaze had run across at Cali and Saket. 

The plaque in front of her pronounced her to be Princess Ying Yue Shangdi of the Xian. 

She was a tall and lean angel with smooth jade like white skin. Enshrining her head was a golden oriental crown with golden tassels hanging over her forehead like a veil. Pitch black hair flowed down her back like a mantle over a red cheongsam. If not for the cardinal, she would've been the most eye-catching angel in the room. 

<em>Ely's guess was right,</em> Blaze thought as he caught the attention of her beautiful black round eyes. Her peachy plump lips narrowed into a curious smile 

To the left of Fiora sat a strong and sinewy angel with amber hair that shimmered under the room's lights. A thin scar ran from her eyebrow to the cheekbone. Her expression was controlled and serious, but the way she carried herself and the little smile she sprouted when she saw him, gave Blaze a sense of comfort. 

"Let me have the first words," General Lynn Sturm spoke, her words rolling of her mouth like thunder - clear and powerful. "I am here to represent the Erelim. As the society that prides itself in forming the first line of defense against the demons, and the ones with the largest membership in the armed forces, we naturally have the strongest claim towards the quetzal. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"However, we relinquish this claim to Blaze Er Lokra. The valor she has displayed thus far has convinced us that she is the right candidate to become the first Quetzal rider amongst us," she said looking straight at the cardinal of the Malakim. 

The cardinal wore a simple white cassock and cape that somehow contrasted with her beautiful angular features and the malicious glint in her deep set, piercing blue eyes. 

"Now, now, Sturm," she said with a ridiculing smile. "We all know that the first angelic quetzal is not meant to be used in battle. The claim of your society is moot. No angel in their right minds will take the bird onto the battlesky. What use is valor for its rider?" she lilted cheerily, before turning to Blaze. "Sky! It's a wonderful name, Ms. Lokra. If anything, you will retain the honor of naming the first angelic quetzal." 

"I shall <em>retain</em> a lot more, cardinal. Sky is <em>mine</em>," Blaze glared at her, resisting the urge to slap her and wipe the smile off her face. 

The smile on the cardinal's face turned dangerous. Hidden in the light dip of the corners of her red lips was a promise for retribution. 

But before things could escalate, princess Ying Yue started to speak. "As a sovereign member of the Heavenly Union, the Xian have no claim over the quetzal. Thus, I am here to moderate this meeting, along with the representative of the Seraphim. I sincerely hope that we can leave here tonight with a decision that leaves us all of us satisfied," she said, turning to the angel on her left. 

The angel representing the Seraphim towered over the other angels and had great weaving locks of auburn hair spread over her wide shoulders. She didn't have the air of deceit Blaze felt from Amanah, but there was something stiff about her. "I am Vega Scotia of the Seraphim. We have chosen to play the role of a moderator in this meeting. As a judge, we forego our claim of the quetzal," she proclaimed. 

Ying Yue dipped her head politely toward Vega in acknowledgement. "Blaze, I understand your enthusiasm, but you must know the stakes surrounding the ownership of Sky," she said before turning to the Cardinal. "Cardinal, what are the Malakim's opinions on this issue? I presume you represent both the Malakim and the Holy Caledonian empire?" she asked. 

"Our proposal is simple," the cardinal began. "We want the Quetzal. Nikolett Lovag shall be its rider. She is far more suited to be a Quetzal knight than either Elyssa Marigold or Ms. Lokra. The Holy Caledonian Empire and the Malakim also have better resources to train the pair and raise a new generation of angelic quetzals. 

"Now, we understand Ms. Lokra is attached to the bird. Thusly, we offer her domicile in the empire along with her family, and a special admission for Ms. Lokra to the Pontifical Academy of Quinas. We will also provide a relevant monetary compensation for being the one to find the quetzal." 

"Essentially, you want to get your grubby little hands on both the quetzal and the Fury," General Sturm scoffed. 

"We only want what's best for the Heavenly Union. I suppose it is hard for someone like you to understand that." 

"Let's not mix up what's best for the Malakim and what's best for the Union." 

"Angels, let's try to be civil during the proceedings. Please present your arguments without personal attacks," Princess Ying Yue interjected. 

General Sturm harrumphed and glared at the cardinal, making Blaze become an instant fan of hers. It seemed like there was some history between the two. 

"Cardinal Tudor," Fiora spoke for the first time during the meeting. "What resources can the Caledonian Empire provide for a single quetzal that Aranya can't? Moreover, unless you have a demon working for you, I doubt your trainers know anything more about training a quetzal than our Claudis here." 

"You mean this <em>cripple</em>?" Cardinal Tudor said waving a hand at Claudis, who flinched at the word. "I mean no offense," she added. 

"She lost her wings while fighting a real quetzal. Can your trainers even claim to have been near one?" General Sturm growled at the cardinal. 

"Not to mention that within a span of a few days, she was able to make the quetzal act tame around her," Fiora added. 

"I am sorry, but the quetzal seems quite tame by itself," Cardinal Tudor countered. "I also don't see how being defeated by a quetzal makes you better. Your judgement is clouded by emotion," she continued coldly. 

Blaze wished he could set the bird on the cardinal. He dearly wanted to see her pretty blonde hair and the persona of perfection get all disheveled while flailing around to fend off an angry Sky. 

"I agree," Ying Yue spoke out before a war of words could break out. "But I do not think the Malakim have access to better trainers either. Training a quetzal is new territory for all of us. Min Tudor, can you tell me why you think the Caledonian Empire can provide better resources? Aranya isn't that poor." 

"To answer that we need to look at the larger picture," replied the cardinal. "The angels are in desperate need of a Quetzal corps. The Caledonian Empire is better suited for such an endeavor." 

"Unless you have the means to speed up the procreation rate of quetzals, that idea is at least a lifetime away, Min Tudor. I am sure that all of us here are aware that the bird is nothing but a symbol of hope in the short term," Ying Yue said, catching everyone's gaze. 

The cardinal did not look happy, but remained quiet and waited for the princess of Xian to continue. "That brings us to the most important question. Who is the best candidate to become Sky's rider? Ms. Nikolett is definitely a very talented young knight, but if Sky is never going to be sent into the battle, why do we care about who can be the best knight? 

"Someone who is both an exemplar of virtue and also possesses great individual strength maybe more appropriate. Ms. Blaze seems to fit both categories, and the bird is attached to her. I don't see any reason to split them," Ying Yue finished. 

Her words took Blaze by surprise. He had not imagined her to take his side. <em>Maybe I had the wrong impression of her.</em> 

"I disagree, princess," Amanah stated flatly. "The bird is young, and her bond can be replaced. I believe Nikolett fits your categories better than young Blaze." 

"Pah!" Lynn puffed out. "Blaze is a Righteous Fury, and I believe she has more potential than your little horse rider. And if you are looking at current strength, Elyssa is stronger," General Lynn jeered at the cardinal. 

"I've personally never seen the importance of a Righteous Fury," the cardinal said, shaking her head and her long blonde hair flowed along. "Even a misguided angel can display it under the right conditions. It is no proof of an angel's virtue. Nikolett is the most virtuous angel I have met in my life, and no one who has met her can disagree. 

"Little Blaze has courage, but she is impulsive, as witnessed at the Regnbage festival and her hastiness to announce the quetzal to the world. Moreover, she has yet to prove her strength. Defeating a single Houri is not a feat worthy of the future Quetzal rider." 

"Everyone here must have heard about Nikolett's victory over the Seraphim's chosen," Vega of the Seraphim began. "But most of you are not aware that the Prima Justiciar had witnessed the duel and spoken with the young Malakim. The Prima has asked me to attest for Nikolett's strength and virtuosity," she said grandly. 

Blaze finally lost his patience. He finally had enough of being treated as nonexistent and the angels treating Sky as an object to be exchanged. "I am sure no Malakim is neither stronger nor more virtuous than I," he declared fiercely. The conversation thus far indicated that Nikolett was not much older than him and he was itching to give the Malakim a proper thrashing. 

"So, why don't you prove that in the coming under-sixty tournament? Defeat Nikolett and the Malakim will never again lay a claim on the quetzal. If you lose, you will no longer have anything to do with the bird," Amanah said, baring her teeth in a predatory smile. 

"Cardinal! Blaze is only twenty! It is not an even fight by any standard," Fiora shouted in dismay. One look at her face convinced Blaze that he had been impulsive. 

"They are both under sixty," Amanah said dryly. 

"Ms. Blaze certainly needs to prove her strength..." Ying Yue droned contemplatively. 

"But pitting her against someone almost thrice her age, and equally talented is not fair by any means! Winning against Nikolett is equivalent to winning the USMAT," Fiora protested. USMAT was the abbreviation coined for the Under Sixty Martial Arts Tournament. 

"That is a valid point..." said Ying Yue. 

"Then let's see if Ms. Lokra can place in the top three in the USMAT. I don't believe that is asking for much, considering we cannot delay this matter until Ms. Lokra is old enough for a <em>fair</em> match," Amanah said. 

"I think that is acceptable. Elyssa Marigold and Nikolett have defeated angels who are much older than them. Ms. Blaze must show that she is a step above to let us take a risk on her. Let's put it to vote. Headmistress Fiora can have two votes to represent Aranya and the Ophanim. Those in favor of the cardinal's idea, please raise their hands," Vega declared. 

Five hands went up against Blaze's favor. As moderators, Ying Yue and Vega did not participate, but it didn't matter. Even if they voted, he was sure the Seraphim would vote against him. He could only look around for someone to call out on the farce, but even Sturm seemed to have given up. 

"I guess that decides the result of this meeting. Let's take a break, and we can come back to discuss other issues, including where the quetzal shall be housed until the tournament. Ms. Blaze, you're free to go back to your classes," Ying Yue sighed, getting up. The rest of the angels followed suit. 

Blaze walked out in a daze to find Elyssa and Alice anxiously waiting in the hallway. 

"Is this bad, headmistress?" he asked Fiora, as they gathered out of earshot of other angels. Sky lay silent in his arms. 

"If luck is on your side and you don't meet Nikolett before the final, you have a good chance," Fiora replied grimly. 

"Wait, Blaze has to fight Nikolett to keep Sky?" Elyssa exclaimed, guessing the result of the meeting. 

"Not exactly, but I am sure the Malakim will try their best to make sure it happens," Lynn replied. 

"Is she really that strong?" Blaze wondered out loud. 

"Yes. Though she has never fought against Elyssa, it is assumed that she is only a little weaker than her. The only reason she won't be competing against Elyssa in the main tournament is because she is under sixty and the Malakim want to use her against you," Fiora explained. 

Blaze immediately understood the severity of the situation. He was nowhere close to being as strong as Elyssa. "I messed up, didn't I?" he said, looking away from the angels. 

"Yes. You were once again hasty with your words and actions," Fiora told him bluntly. "But, don't give yourself all the credit. The result of the meeting seems to have been decided even before any of us stepped into that room. Your words only sped up the process. I am just surprised that the Malakim were able to obtain the support of the Seraphim. I wonder what they received in return." 

"Don't overly fault yourself, young Blaze," Lynn told him with a pat on his shoulder. Though the general wasn't the tallest of angels, Blaze felt diminutive beside her stature. "In the least, your little advertisement in the paper made the delegates allow you a winning chance. From what I've heard about you, I am confident that you will pull through," she said in encouragement. 

They spoke for a little while before Blaze handed Sky to Claudis and headed back to his class. 

oOo 

Through the rest of his classes that day, Blaze simmered in the anger at being manipulated by the cardinal, and the betrayal he felt over his opinion of the angels. He had been wiser when he first arrived on Azra-El, but the kindness he had experienced from Jie Er and most of the angels he had met had blinded him. <em>The powerful are greedy and unscrupulous in any society.</em> 

So, when Alice came and informed him about the decision regarding Sky's stay at Tir, just as he headed to his combat training class, he blew a fuse. She told him that the delegates had decided that Sky could stay at Tir until the tournament, but his interaction with the quetzal was to be slowly limited, owing to the scenario that they may ultimately be separated. 

Blaze waited until Alice was out of sight, and without saying another word to Siofra, standing beside him, he manifested his wings and flew towards Class 4A's training grounds. 

The class had yet to begin, but he found his target speaking merrily with her minions. Her carefree attitude angered him even more. The image of her hurling a spear at Sky also helped in stoking his rage. 

He landed in front of her, with a heavy thud; his wings iridescent under the hardening from energy manipulation. He was brimming with riled up energy. 

"You!" he said pointing a finger at the surprised former Houri. "I challenge you to one on one combat!" he declared loudly and for everyone to hear. 

"Ms. Blaze!" he heard a voice cry. A native Aranyan teacher with dark hair and tan skin rushed towards him. "I understand you must be angry, but this is not appropriate. Please go back to your class. If you wish to challenge Priscilla, you must submit a request and give her a few days to prepare," she told him angrily. 

He didn't pay her any attention and simply glared at Priscilla. 

"I accept," Priscilla spoke expressionlessly. 

"Priscilla. This is not-" 

"It's alright Min Achila. I've always wondered if I would've lost that match if I had been prepared. I am prepared now. A couple of days won't make any difference. Allow me to show the <em>Righteous Fury</em> her true place," she said sullenly, before manifesting her brilliant white wings and shooting off towards the nearby arena. 

Blaze took off after her with half a smile on his face. Deep down, he understood the misguided anger in his actions, but he was too mad to care. 

"I shall stop the match and suspend either one of you if you go too far!" Achila shouted towards them. 

The two angels didn't bother to acknowledge her as they faced one another in the air. Priscilla slowly pulled out her golden shield and short sword. 

"Are you going to use that stupid bat again?" she asked him seriously. Her face contained none of the contempt she had shown him during their first match. Only resolve. 

Blaze pondered for a moment, before pulling out his glaive. He was still better with his viridian bat, but the glaive was a more suitable weapon for a knight. He wanted to prove that he could be as good a knight as anyone. 

"Now that's a proper weapon for an angel. COME!" Priscilla said, rapping her sword against the shield. 

Blaze rushed towards her and swung his glaive. 

<em>BANG</em>, the weapon and shield reverberated against each other and the force of collision forced them apart. 

Priscilla hovered in midair and smirked at Blaze. The previous time, the power of his charging attack had sent her hurtling towards the ground, but now she was prepared. She tried to sneer at him, but he came at her without a pause. 

He thrust his spear towards her midriff - straight and strong, placing his entire weight and momentum into it. 

Holding her shield firmly against the blow, Priscilla slightly tilted it down upon contact and used the force to gain elevation. She did not want to be grounded like the previous time. Angels were meant to fight in the air. 

Blaze went after her, arcing his glaive up to cleave her in two â€“ if his glaive wasn't blunted. Seemingly anticipating his move, Priscilla leaned back. The tip of the glaive swept across her body and between her breasts, missing her by a hair's breadth. 

The class gasped, thinking that Blaze had cut her. 

Before he could bring his glaive back down on her, she flapped her wings to halt and dove towards him, swinging her sword at his head. 

<em>CLANG</em>, hardened feathers of Blaze's right wing crumpled against the sharpness of metal. Gravity and the force of the strike sent Blaze towards the ground. 

He twisted around in midair and opened his wings to stop his fall. They strained against the wind to slow his descent and managed to steady him a few inches off the ground, picking up the dust in the arena. 

Glancing up at Priscilla, Blaze found her coming down on him like an angel of judgement; her straight bronze hair rippling through the air. He landed on the ground and quickly switched his grip to hold the shaft between himself and the descending sword. 

It struck with a crack as the glaive gave way under the heavy strike. Only a few strands of timber managed to hold on, giving him room to throw a spartan-like kick at Priscilla. 

She weathered the vicious strike against her shield and landed a few feet away from him. 

"I need a stronger weapon," he told her nonchalantly, twisting the wood in his hands and tearing it apart into two pieces. "This will do for now," he said, switching the blade of the glaive to his left, and the lower half of the shaft to his right. The wood couldn't face a sword, but it could still be used against the shield. 

He flapped his wings and rose into the air, before coming to a stop at a height of about fifty feet. He beckoned her towards him, <em>bring it on</em>. 

Priscilla didn't bother speaking and shot straight at him, holding her shield close to her chest and the sword over her head pointing towards him. 

Robbed of his range advantage, anger filled his mind and all thoughts of caution and strategy fell away. 

Priscilla was initially jubilant. The anger on his face was real and she knew it would make him weaker; also, his weapon was broken. Yet, after endless practice over the past few weeks, the air was now a comfortable place for Blaze. 

The triumphant look on her face slowly dwindled with each strike he parried, deflecting them with the wooden stump or the sharp head of the glaive while twisting his body and wings to redirect the force. Heavy swings and collisions resounded through the arena. The wood in Blaze's right hand splintered against the metal, as they clashed time and time again. 

Priscilla's technique matched against the fury of his blows and kicks. His hardened feathers weathered any sword strikes that went past his blade. There were no tricks or clever maneuvers; only instinct and viciousness behind his movements. 

Students and two teachers watched in rapt attention as the two angels fought without stop â€“ one fueled by rage and the other by pride. 

The savagery of Blaze's strikes began to take their toll on Priscilla's arms. Her hands began to grow numb and her blows began to grow slower and weaker. However, Blaze's strikes remained as intense as they had been when they first began. 

Priscilla's only consolation was the state of his wings. His feathers were twisted and crumpled from blocking her strikes and striking against her shield. If his wings were not made of energy, the whiteness in them would be marred by blood. 

The piece of wood in Blaze's hand finally gave in against the force of his blow against her shield, disappearing into a shower of splinters. Yet as she gasped with exertion and blocked the strike, her shield arm was beaten to the side and away from her body. 

She swung her sword at his head, but he intercepted it with the glaive. Their blades clashed loudly, and he closed in on her. Gripping her shoulder with his now free hand, he pulled her against his knee â€“ jutting it into her gut. 

Priscilla's body crumpled under the blow. Her wings gave in and she plummeted towards the ground, only managing to recover in the last moment. With a desperate beat of her wings, she landed heavily on her feet. Gritting her teeth, she snapped her head up to look at him with fierce determination. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze dived at her without any thoughts of mercy. She raised her shield in defiance and the glaive thundered down on it, buckling her knees. 

Falling to one knee, she kept her shield raised as Blaze landed in front of her with a thud. 

<em>Bang Bang Bang Bang</em>, he continued the assault on her shield. Either the shield would break, or she would. He didn't care which. 

Streams of thick blood began to gently trickle down her hand, as her skin under the shield began to split. But Priscilla did not give up. She dug her sword into the ground and took his blows. 

"ENOUGH!" The scream of a familiar voice made Blaze's glaive pause a couple of inches away from the shield. 

Blaze half expected Priscilla to lunge at him, but there was no response. Her face was hidden under the raised shield. Suddenly, he realized that he couldn't feel any of the emotions he had been feeling prior to the match. 

Panting, he glanced towards the source of the voice. The adrenaline that still coursed through his veins kept him from feeling tired or overly guilty. Yulia and Siofra stood beside Achila. 

"Enough!" Yulia shouted. "This fight is over," she told him angrily. 

Blaze dropped his arm and looked around. Except for Siofra, every other student seemed to be looking at him with fear in their eyes. The awe they had possessed when he had displayed Righteous Fury was nowhere to be seen. 

The clatter of a shield pulled his eyes back towards kneeling angel. Her left arm lolled to the side, dripping with blood, and the left side of her short and white battle dress was speckled in red. 

Blaze was surprised, but strangely he did not feel any pity towards her. Looking at the defiant expression on her face, he didn't think she'd want his pity. Instead, he felt an ounce of respect for her. 

Without saying anything, he put the remains of his weapon in his space ring and turned around. 

"I await the day when you're the one kneeling in front of a Malakim. It's not too far away," Priscilla told him through clenched teeth. 

Blaze stopped after walking a few steps. He thought for a moment before turning around. "Not this time. I can't afford this time," he said, deeply gazing into her angry blue eyes. "But maybe once the tournament is over, I wouldn't mind losing to <em>you</em> once," he told her a little more gently, before walking away. 

*** 

When Blaze reached Yulia, the stoic teacher immediately manifested her wings and grabbed him by the arm. She nodded at the other teacher and took to the sky with him. 

"Have you sated your anger, Ms. Blaze?" she asked him grimly. Siofra silently followed them. 

"Yes, and I am not too sorry about it," he replied softly. His body finally began to feel the consequences of his fight. His nirn, the receptacles of his wings, ached like never before and his limbs felt heavy. 

Yulia sighed. "Strength gained from rage is fleeting and destructive. It will neither help you gain the ultimate victory, nor make you deserving of it." 

Blaze knew he couldn't justify his actions, so he remained silent. 

Yulia took him back to their training field and set him down. "Ms. Blaze, since the duel was mutually agreed, I will let you off this time. But know that I will not tolerate such actions anymore. Understand?" she asked him with a steely, unblinking gaze. 

Blaze bowed his head shamefully. 

"You can get on with your training," she said waving her hand at him to leave. 

But Blaze did not move. "Min Yulia?" he said, looking up at her with a grim resolve, "How do I defeat Nikolett Lovag of the Malakim?" 

Yulia raised a brow at him before her eyes furrowed in thought. She looked at him for a moment before she replied. "Under the presumption that you're more talented than her â€”for without which, you have no chanceâ€” you need to work on three things." 

Hope surged in Blaze's chest. 

"Control over your emotions, manifesting energy weapons, and the mastery of a weapon you can counter her with." 

oOo 

Blaze was late to get out of bed the next morning. When he came downstairs, Elyssa was waiting, her blue eyes staring up at him without blinking. 

"That little brat snitched on me, didn't she?" he asked her. 

"Come with me," Ely told him seriously, turning on her heel and leading the way out of the dorm. 

She took him straight to the fifth and the highest floor of the library. The Library of Ashur, as it was known, was an ancient and massive stone building. It had a unique trapezoidal structure with massive landing terraces on each floor. However, even opening one's wings inside the library was strictly forbidden. 

Blaze quietly followed her, wondering why she was suddenly being all mysterious. <em>Is there a hidden technique or something? Maybe a hidden training area? Hyperbolic Time Chamber?</em> 

But Ely took him towards a common looking shelf and pulled out a thin book in hard binding. Leading him to a nearby table, she made him sit down before handing him the book. 

Blaze gave her a curious look and opened it. 

It contained a list of every winner of the Young Angel Martial Arts Tournament (YAMAT) from its inception, 2910 years ago. 

Blaze couldn't be bothered to read through all of them, so he quickly shifted through the pages until he reached the last page, with eight entries. 

<em>Lucian Era 555: Yingjie Shangdi of Xian defeated Fulla Frejadottir of Vaikunheim to become the champion of the 283</em><em><sup>rd</sup></em> <em>YAMAT. She...</em> 

<em>Lucian Era 565: Yingjie Shangdi ...</em> 

<em>...</em> 

<em>Lucian Era 615: Berenice Saragnon of the Holy Caledonian Empire...</em> 

<em>Lucian Era 625: Eshu Abara of Alkebulan ...</em> 

"Ooh. This Xian ivka won twice in a row!" he said, quickly going through the names. 

"Yeah, the Xian usually do quite well in the tournament. They have the highest number of championships after the Caledonian empire, but that's not what I wanted you to see," she said, flipping to the previous page and pointing at two names written in golden sparkling ink. None of the other names had that honor. 

<em>Lucian Era 465:</em> <strong><em>Lynn Sturm</em></strong> <em>of Aranya defeated Amanah Tudor of the Caledonian Empire to become the champion of the 275</em><em><sup>th</sup></em> <em>YAMAT. She...</em> 

<em>Lucian Era 475: Arina'il Avesta of Zara'-Ard defeated</em> <strong><em>Anastasia Marigold</em></strong> <em>of Aranya to become the champion of the 276</em><em><sup>th</sup></em> <em>YAMAT. As ...</em> 

"Why are aunties' names in gold?" 

"Because both are Tir alumni. We will have our names written in gold too. Do you know why I haven't taken part in the tournament yet? Hint, it's not because I was too young," Ely asked him 

"Because it'd be too much of a bother if you are not assured of winning it?" Blaze replied dryly. 

Elyssa smacked him on his shoulder. "It's good that you still have a sense of humor but not everyone's lazy like you," she said, before taking in a breath. "Don't tell mum I said this, but I don't want my name to ever feature in the defeated column. And, I want to win all the tournaments I take part in. That will make me a four-time champion, and that's a record! The most anyone has won is three." 

"Very cool, but why are you telling me this now?" he asked her curiously. Ely wouldn't show off when he was feeling anxious over the possibility losing Sky. 

"Because from the moment I heard about the USMAT, I've had this picture in my head. I want to see your name as the winner of the next four tournaments. We can simultaneously be the undefeated champions of Aranya. And, when I am no longer eligible for the YAMAT, you can take up my mantle and win the next four. 

"Blaze and Elyssa of Aranya. The undefeated champions, holding the highest number of titles in history!" she said dreamily, her aqua eyes staring off into the distance. 

"Great job Ely! Thanks for putting even more pressure on me," Blaze said sarcastically. 

"N-No! I didn't mean to..." Ely stuttered before she saw the glint in his eye. "Seriously Blaze! I know it's going to be hard, but I always wished you'd take part in this tournament and win it. Just make Sky your motivation. I am sure you can do it." 

Blaze couldn't help but be moved by her words. He knew her well enough to know that she meant every word she said. The fact that she truly wanted to share her glory with him meant even more to him. 

He got up and pulled her into a warm and tight hug. "Thank you, Ely," he said choking on emotion and unable to keep his eyes from turning moist. He held her for a few moments before pulling back to look at her face. "But what if I decide to take part in the YAMAT before I turn sixty?" he asked her cheekily. 

"You will not!" Elyssa declared categorically. 

"Oh? Why not?" 

"Because I neither want to win nor lose against you. Besides, you better not spoil my dream of our perfect record," she warned him. 

"Okay okay! I will let you keep <em>your</em> perfect record," he droned, releasing her and sitting down to peruse the book a little more. 

Ely shook her head and pulled out a chair to sit beside him and read a book of her own. 

Blaze sifted through the pages of the book, reading about the past champions and their accomplishments. Most of them seemed to have went on to do something significant in their lives. Suddenly, he came across a name that sparked his interest. She was a two-time champion with one runner-up title. 

<em>Lucian Era 395: Vida Veles Lokra of Angalnebo defeated Freja Nerthusdottir of Vaikunheim to become the champion of the 269</em><em><sup>th</sup></em> <em>YAMAT. She hailed from a farming family, but immediately joined the HU army upon graduation. She became a Deity at an age of 213 and was subsequently made the major general of the 'Blood and Fire' division of the HU. She fought in numerous battles during her career before perishing in the Battle of Muye in LE 520, facing three Devils of the Hela empire. She was posthumously awarded the Medal of Athena, for her courage, wisdom and prowess in battle.</em> 

Blaze read and reread her description a few times, adding up the dates. <em>Is she my grandmother? Er... adoptive grandmother?</em> He wondered. It would make sense why Jie Er never talked about her family. Maybe she was the only surviving member. 

"Oi," he nudged Ely. "Do you know anything about her?" he asked, placing his finger under Vida's name. 

"You think she may be related to aunty?" she asked, after quickly reading through the description. "Hmm. It's possible, I guess," she said at Blaze's nod. "I've read and heard much about that battle. It was vicious, and both sides lost a lot of troops over some stupid mine at Xian's border. Her name's familiar too, but I don't know much about her background. Why don't you just ask Aunty Jie Er?" 

"Well, she usually gets all mysterious and sad when I bring it up. I guess she will tell me when she's ready," he sighed. "Anyway. I just had a thought, Ely. What if I decide to reveal my real age? I might be able to win more YAMAT titles, even without competing against you." 

Elyssa looked at him dumbstruck. She had completely forgotten about that issue. "Don't make me spank you, you little punk!" she screamed. 

*** 

"Ely..." Blaze said to her, later in the afternoon. "This Nikolett seems really strong. I'm worried I might lose Sky," he confessed. The words and worry he had been keeping at bay since the meeting finally spilled over. 

Elyssa looked at him and a tinge of concern flashed across her face. "Blaze... you may be silly, obnoxious and the laziest little twerp I know, but you're also the most talented angel I've met," she told him. "You also have me, Aunty Jie Er, my mothers and so many others to help you get stronger. Trust me. As long as you put in the effort, I firmly believe you can win the competition," she told him resolutely. 

"And what if it's not enough?" 

Elyssa considered his statement for a moment. "Then we will take Sky and run away together. And when we both become Devas, we will come back and make the Malakim wish they never tried to take him away from you." 

"You mean you want to elope with me?" he joked. 

"I don't know what that means, but I can't let you runaway by yourself can I?" she replied seriously. 

"Pinky swear?" Blaze raised his finger. 

Elyssa raised a brow at him, but ultimately locked his finger with hers. "Pinky swear." 

oOo 

Over the weekend, Blaze spent a lot of time with Sky, and it helped him get his emotions under control. He was also able to get some solace from Seshat and Claudis. There was nothing like the warmth of a Quetzal's feathers or the soft comfort of a well-endowed angel. 

Astrid called Elyssa over the weekend to arrange another meeting with Clio, but Blaze was in no mood for another interview. He gave Astrid the details of the meeting and postponed his appointment to another time. 

By Monday morning, however, Blaze had found his bearings. He even vowed to try and become a better knight. Though his talents lay in a more freestyle fighting, he couldn't let Sky have a clumsy rider. 

So, by the time Fiora summoned him to her office that afternoon, he was back to his usual self. 

Opening her office door, he was greeted by the plump ass of Fiora on all fours. It lightly swayed as she reached for something in the space under her bookshelf. She was wearing a barebacked sweater that revealed deep into the cleavage of her butt. It was a true <em>virgin killer</em>. 

The arch of her naked back was exaggerated as she reached for whatever she was looking for. The sweater slowly stretched over her ass, revealing more of the butt cleavage peeking above the red sweater. 

Lost for words, Blaze simply basked in the gloriousness of the image in front of him. 

"Oh, Blaze! You're here," Fiora said, getting up with a blue ring in her hand. Her words broke his daze. "It slipped from my hand and rolled off," she told him, adjusting the dress over her thighs. The hem barely reached an inch or two below her groin, and despite its skimpiness, Fiora still pulled off the look of a strict headmistress. 

"What's up with the change of clothing?" he asked her bluntly. 

"I've had a hectic couple of days. Just wanted to be comfortable today," she replied casually, going back to the chair behind her desk. "Have a seat." 

Blaze simply accepted her answer. He had long ago decided that the only reason angels wore any clothes was because it was a cultural artifact from the times before they had mastered the art of energy manipulation. 

"Are we here to talk about my fight with Priscilla?" he sat down and asked her. 

"No. I doubt I have anything to say that Yulia hasn't or anything that isn't a mere platitude. I can't punish you for starting a duel that was mutually agreed upon, and it seems like you didn't even hurt her too much this time," she replied flatly, and Blaze cringed under her stare and the memory of Priscilla's bloody hand. "Nevertheless, I will tell you that acting on anger never results in the best solution. Fuel it towards something constructive or find means to get rid of it â€“ like meditation. If that still doesn't work, put your energy into something else. Don't beat up an angel you know to be weaker than you." 

Blaze hung his head and nodded. "So, what am I here for?" he asked, hoping to put a stop to her incisive words. 

"I have a couple of things that I wanted to tell you myself. You already know that the delegates have decided to limit your interaction with Sky. I have been compelled to forbid you from spending more than an hour a day with the quetzal, starting today, and the length of your interaction will be slowly reduced." 

"Those fre-" 

"But I am not one to easily give in to the Malakim's wishes," she interrupted him with a little smile. 

"Huh?" 

"We are building a large coop for the quetzal in the likelihood that he will be staying with us again in the future. It will be built next to the Pegasi stable, and I have no control over the bird interacting with other creatures. It is also the school policy to let the students use the Pegasi in their free time," she said casually. 

"Ah! Yep. I am really trying hard to improve my Pegasi riding skills," Blaze agreed. "What's the other thing you wanted to talk about? Are we going to dress up a Pegasus as a quetzal and send it to the Malakim, saying we give up on the tournament?" 

Fiora's mask of severity crumbled and she burst out into clarion laughter. "I would pay any price to see the look on Amanah's face, if we ever decide to do that. It would be worth it," she said without bothering to hide her smile any longer. 

"Yep." 

"Unfortunately, we are not stupid enough to do that. No, what I wanted to say is that I've convinced the board to allow me to start a special training class for potential Tir's candidates to the USMAT. Since this is the first time an under sixty tournament is being held, we need to prepare both currently enrolled students and those not in the current year." 

The education system of Aranya worked on a decadal basis. Students had to attend school every ten years from the age of twenty, but the school had at least one batch of students every year. 

"It will have around thirty students including you, Siofra, and Priscilla. It's optional of course, but I suggest you take it since you are one of the main reasons I pushed for the class," Fiora told him. 

"I guess you can't keep Priscilla out of it?" Blaze asked. 

"She is still a student of Tir, Blaze. I won't exclude students based upon their faction." 

"I guess not. When does it start?" 

"It will be held over the breaks between the quarters, starting this winter break. I will provide you with a schedule once everything is finalized. You may or may not have to travel." 

Tir's school year was split into quarters, each ten weeks long, and the winter break was coming up in a couple of weeks. 

"What about Sky?" 

"Cluadis has been designated as her temporary guardian. I am sure you know how good she is with animals." 

"Yes, she is," he agreed. If he could trust anyone with taking care of Sky in his absence, it was Claudis. "Anything else?" 

"No. That is it. You are free to go. You don't want to be late for your next class," Fiora said. But Blaze had no intention of leaving. 

"Thank you, headmistress," he said warmly. 

Fiora gazed at him and saw his sincerity. "You're welcome. I can't claim to not have any vested interests in helping you, Blaze, but I am honestly on your side. I hope you can confide in me more." 

"I know, headmistress. That's why I want to do something to show you my gratitude for your efforts," he said, unable to keep the sly grin of his face. 

"Oh? And, how do you intend to do that?" 

"I was thinking I could help you explore more about the nature of the bi reproductive processes. And I suppose there's nothing wrong with making you feel good while I'm at it," he said smirking, getting to his feet and going around the desk. 

"Now? You have classes to attend to," she said, turning to look at him as he made his way behind her. But her body language did not reflect her words. 

"It's just Physics. As you know, I am way ahead of the material, and it'd be more productive to explore this new frontier of knowledge," he replied sagely, his hands gliding across the smooth skin of her back and up her neck. 

Fiora considered it for a moment, visibly trembling, "Just this once. You can't keep skipping classes to - teach me things...," she said over her shoulder, biting her lower lip while her eyes flicked up and down his body. 

<em>Just this once? I don't think so</em>, he thought, while nodding with a knowing smile. "I just need to do one thing before we start," he said, suddenly taking his hands off her and walking to the door to open it. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
He couldn't say he was surprised to find Alice lurking outside the door. 

"This is not what it looks like," Alice jumped in surprise. "Er... I mean I was only pacing around in thought," she said, quickly composing herself. 

"Uh huh, <em>sure</em>. Come in, Alice - it's time you stopped peeping from the shadows," he said, stepping aside to let her pass. 

Alice gave him a confused look and hurried inside, while Blaze shut the door behind him. 

"What are you doing, Blaze?" Fiora asked him 

"I thought I'd let her watch. It will be educational," he replied with a straight face. 

"What!?" Fiora screeched and Blaze watched her face turn a deep red. "No! I never agreed to that." 

"Headmistress... Isn't Alice your protÃ©gÃ© of sorts?" Blaze coerced her softly. 

"You can say that. But what does it-" 

"Don't you want her to learn everything you know?" 

"I am not sure I am comfortable with letting her watch me when I am so... vulnerable and naked," she said feebly. 

"Don't worry headmistress, I am sure I've already seen all of you," Alice said with a straight face. 

"You! Don't give her the wrong impression," Fiora yelled at her. "We've just been in a hot bath before," she clarified turning to Blaze. 

"So, we are all in agreement then," Blaze decided, walking towards Fiora. 

"There is no agree- Ah, whatever. Do as you wish," Fiora sighed, giving up on protesting. She reckoned that if she let Blaze fluster her, he would only take advantage of it. She accepted her fate and decided to not give Blaze anymore pleasure of goading her. 

Blaze stared at her in surprise. He had expected to that he would have to be more proactive and coercive to make her go along with it. But he quickly adapted. He stopped in mid stride and turned to Alice, "Ms. Alice, are angels considered to be birds or mammals?" he asked, going along with his act. 

Despite being asexual, mammals on Azra-El gave birth to live young. Birds hatched eggs. Angels bodies were similar to mammals but made eggs to procreate. 

"The scientific consensus is that we are a bit of both. Mammals are our closer ancestors, but it is believed that an avian gene reawakened at some point in our evolution. Although, some believe that goddess Hathor merged flightless angels with birds and recreated us into higher beings," Alice answered swiftly. 

"Right! Now, did you know that there are multiple species of insects that need two of their kind to produce offspring? Raikin insects are the best known for this," Blaze continued. He had done his research on the topic after Fiora had mentioned it the first time they met. 

Raikin insects were a type of a large insect that was a cross between a beetle and a praying mantis. Thankfully, the females of their kind did not eat their mates after copulation. Otherwise, he felt Fiora or Alice may get the wrong idea of a blowjob. 

There were also individual species of birds and mammals that displayed bisexual reproduction, but they were only present in remote islands and not well known. 

"Yes, Ms. Blaze. I've read and discussed them with the headmistress before. They have a positive and negative type, which need to get together and perform a ritual in order to reproduce. I believe the process is called copulation," Alice responded, but then her eyes widened in comprehension. "D-Do you imply that's what you are?" 

"Very clever, Alice," Blaze nodded wisely. 

"You mean to say that you are going to have offspring with the headmistress and all those other angels?" she asked in astonishment. 

"Of course not, Alice. It's merely an artifact of evolution. We can't reproduce that way anymore. Right, Blaze?" Fiora said. 

"Er... right," Blaze replied. To be fair, he had assumed it at the start, considering that the angels did not have a menstrual cycle. But it was possible he was wrong and if so, it was high time for some of his angels to start showing signs. He really hoped they didn't. "Wait a minute! What do you mean other angels? Exactly how much have you seen, Alice!?" 

"Oh, I simply presumed that the headmistress wasn't the only one," Alice replied nonchalantly, but Blaze knew better. The question was whether her spying had been limited to a few times at Tir or if she had seen him at Sekat. He decided he needed to be more careful and aware of his surroundings in the future. 

"We found out that Blaze's member still behaves similar to its original purpose. I've always wondered what drove those insects to seek out one another for such a tiresome process. It seemed like instinct, but now I think it may at least be in part due to do pleasure seeking. The process, as I've found out, is quite pleasurable," Fiora explained. 

"I surmised as much. So, how do you start this ritual?" Alice asked. 

Fiora looked towards Blaze for an answer, but he did not reply with words. He stepped up to the headmistress and gently removed her rimmed glasses, before leaning in for a kiss on her painted red lips. Taking her lips between his, he flicked his tongue along her plushness and pulled back before she could taste him. 

"First, we need to get my organ ready," he said, hopping on to Fiora's desk and fixing his gaze on her slanted green eyes. 

Fiora wordlessly rolled her chair towards Blaze. 

Grabbing the waist of his boyshorts, she pulled them down and popped his member out. Blaze shuffled them off his legs and let them fall to the ground, before spreading his thighs. Leaning back on his hands, he looked at the headmistress with anticipation. 

His prick was already standing tall and she quickly took it in her hands, before enclosing her lips around his tip. 

Fiora had her long crimson hair wrapped around her head in a bun, and Blaze gripped her hair as she slowly swirled her tongue around the head of his cock. 

"Eye contact is very important," he announced, tilting her chin up to make her look into his eyes as she pleasured him. 

Fiora's narrow green eyes looked up at him through her black rimmed glasses in amusement, as if she knew he liked to play for dominance with her. Yet she obeyed, holding his gaze and slowly lowering her lips down his length, until it reached the back of her throat. Squeezing him with her cheeks, she pulled her lips along his wet skin, finally setting him free with a pop. 

"You love my cock in your mouth, don't you?" Blaze stated, surprising himself. He was getting bolder each day. Just the other day, he had made Seshat ride him nonstop until she was a quivering mess over his chest. An elated quivering mess. 

"Cock?" Fiora asked, her breath tickling his exposed skin. She did not bother to deny his statement. 

"That's what I call my organ." 

"Strange name, but it sounds right," she whispered before taking him inside her mouth again with a wet slurp. 

Blaze stroked his hands through her hair. The scent and taste of him stimulated Fiora, and she started bobbing her head along his length hungrily while looking up at him with her rich green eyes narrowed in desperation for the cock in her mouth. 

He let her continue for a few minutes, while casting occasional glances at Alice, who stood there transfixed and biting her lip as she watched the headmistress. 

"Now I have to get <em>her</em> ready. This takes a bit longer," he said, turning to Alice. 

She was still standing in the same spot and staring at them in a daze. She nodded dumbly, with her mouth slightly ajar. 

"Why don't you pull up a chair, here? It will take some time and you'd want a better view," he said, jumping off the table. Taking Fiora's hand, he pulled her to her feet and sat her against the edge of the desk. 

Alice pulled up a chair to their right and leaned forward with interest, leaving a little room for Blaze to maneuver. 

Blaze grinned at her before turning his attention back to Fiora. His eyes roved over her beautiful form barely hidden by her sweater. Her tight dress hugged her body and formed a deep valley between her breasts. 

As she leaned back on her hands, the smooth skin of her shoulders jutted up over her clothes. One foot rested on the chair while her other leg was crossed over it, and she peered at him over her black rimmed glasses with a hungry look and biting her lips. 

Blaze was loath to meddle with the image in front of him, but meddle he did. He wrapped his palm around her calf to gently shift her leg to the side, before placing his hands on her knees and spreading her legs. Without looking down, he moved between them. 

He placed his hands on her shoulders and caressed them before taking the edges of her sweater between his fingers. He slowly brought his hands down, pulling the edges of the sweater together and folding the wool between her cleavage to expose her breasts. 

Pale white mounds with tiny excited nipples and small pink areola revealed themselves, hanging freely yet firmly. He immediately wrapped his palms around them and looked up at her face. 

Only her eyes revealed her desire as he lightly squeezed and massaged them, flicking her nipples with the rough of his thumbs. 

"What's the point of that? Looks like a massage," Alice's curiosity brought Blaze out of his stupor. 

"It's no ordinary <em>massage</em>. It makes her feel good, doesn't it, headmistress?" he crooned. Noticing Fiora's breathing had quickened, he decided to move things along. It was tough to shift his hands away from her breasts, but he took her hand and led her off the desk. "Can you turn around?" 

Fiora folded her arms between her breasts and turned around to show them her statuesque back, enshrined by her skimpy red dress. It was a spotless empty canvas that was a masterpiece in its own right; the stroke of her spine arching deeply over the two drops of her dimples and the deep narrow ravine of her crack. 

Blaze reached his fingers to confirm if it was real, if she was real. The touch sent a tingle up his arm and down his stomach. Bellowing hot breath, he spread his palms and glided them across her soft defenseless skin. 

Unable to control his raging desire, he finally pushed on her lower back. Fiora took it as a cue to lean over the desk and on her arms, jutting her butt towards him. She rested her chin on one hand and arched her back to give him access. The dimples on her lower back deepened. 

He pulled the hem of her dress down her butt, stretching the wool and revealing the rest of her luscious creamy skinned ass. Spreading her cheeks apart, he brought her two entrances out into the open. 

Fiora felt the cool air against her lower lips which slowly dripped with her hot arousal. 

"See this?" he said, running his finger up her wet pussy to the sound of Fiora gasping softly. "This means she's ready," he whispered huskily. 

"Oh..." Alice exclaimed leaning forward even more to get a better look. 

"Now, I can enter either hole," he said, while trying to figure out whether Alice was aroused or curious. <em>Maybe both.</em> "But since the anus wasn't originally intended for copulation, it needs external lubrication." 

"How do you do that?" 

Blaze was waiting for the question. "Like this," he grinned and went down on Fiora's ass. 

Fiora, who had barely made a sound since he began, cried out in surprise and pleasure as she felt his lips around her hole and his warm soft tongue flicking across her puckered ass. She felt it dig and penetrate through her tightness, before retreating and plunging in deeper. "Ugh," she moaned and arched her spine up, pressing her hips back to bury his tongue further inside her ass. 

Blaze leaned back and carefully rubbed his fingers against her sopping pussy, before pushing a finger against her tight hole. Fiora gasped and groaned as he e slowly pushed inside. Her tight ass pulsed around his finger while he pushed deeper, gently moving in and out. "Uh uh uh..." she panted, rocking back and forth to help him stretch her. Blaze quickly felt her relax, and slowly sunk in another finger, which she quickly started bucking back against to stretch her own ass. 

"I still don't see how it will fit?" Alice questioned at the now slightly gaping hole. Blaze stood up and positioned himself behind Fiora. 

"You will see," he said, rubbing and cupping her ass cheeks and watching them bounce deliciously. 

He grasped her hips and brushed his length along her slit a few times, each time teasing Fiora with penetration. He only wanted to use her wetness for lubrication. The headmistress sighed happily and rested on both hands to perk her ass up for him. 

Placing his tip against her ass, he used his thumb and hips to push himself in. Her passage resisted for a moment before it gave in under the pressure. He watched her skin slowly swallow him, and Fiora audibly sucked in her breath as she felt his width stretch her apart. 

Each entry was a struggle as he tried to sink slightly deeper with each push. When he reached a few inches, he pulled out and left a gaping chasm in his wake. Fiora gasped. 

"Wow!" Alice exclaimed, pulling up her chair and peering in. "It really does stretch." 

"Can you not be so close, Alice?" Fiora grumbled, but Alice didn't even seem to be listening as she watched Blaze penetrate Fiora again. Her face inches away from their union. 

Blaze alternated his gaze from the beautiful behind of Fiora and the fascinated face of Alice. The slow thrusts increased in pace as he felt her ass rhythmically relax and grip him tightly at the very entrance - until he was pounding her with smooth, deep strokes. His greedy hands stretching, grasping and traveling along her skin. 

Fiora's breathing quickened as she held on to the front edge of her desk with both hands. Her body flowed in his rhythm as she arched her back and pushed her hips into him. Each time he thrust into her, her gasps and moans grew louder. The soft yet rough wool of her dress chafed against her skin and kept tickling her clit, sending bursts of electricity coursing through her body. 

Finally, the well of desire inside her filled to the brim and overflowed as her student filled her ass. Just as he pulled out, she fell on the desk and her whole body convulsed as she flooded him with her warmth. Alice who was staring closely, witnessed the sudden wetness drenching her vagina. 

As Blaze stepped back to bring himself together, Alice reached out with a finger and touched Fiora's slit. Fiora shivered and spurted out more of her warm thick liquid. "Alice!" she cried out in admonishment, making her secretary spring away her hand. 

"It's time for the final procedure that will result in successful copulation," he told Alice, as Fiora rolled onto her back. Her vagina was aching for him. 

Blaze pulled her dress into a line between her breasts and the lower part up her stomach. 

Fiora glanced at Alice and caught her eye. Finding no trace of disapproval in her eyes, she spread her thighs apart and snaked a hand down her stomach, giving in to the insatiable desire to rub herself while her secretary watched. 

But Blaze brushed her hand aside. Placing a warm palm over her lower stomach, he began to stroke her clit. "Watch," he told Alice, before leaning in and taking her bean between his lips. He flicked it around with his tongue and felt Fiora squirm under him. "Playing with the clit feels very good," he enlightened. "You can try it yourself at home." 

"Okay," she agreed, getting a nod of approval from Blaze. 

Spreading her lips with his cock, he brushed between them a couple of times. He gripped her hips and looked up into Fiora's lust filled green eyes, and slowly pushed inside her. 

Despite its tightness, it went in easily compared to her ass. The warmth of her folds completely enveloped him in a wet, tight embrace. When he pulled out, he felt like hundreds of microscopic fingers were massaging the entire length of his shaft. 

Fiora groaned as he began to sway his hips in and out of her. 

Alice watched with bated breath. She had seen it once before, but she had not had such a closeup view. Blaze saw her expression and decided to give her a little more to watch. 

He folded Fiora's thighs upwards and pushed her back a little before climbing up on the desk. Straddling her hips, he leaned over on his hands and knees, making his prick slip out. 

Alice intuitively reached over and grabbed it. Blaze glanced over his shoulder and saw a puzzled look on her face while she stared at the cock in her hand. 

"You can put it in," he said. 

"Huh? Oh, right," she said, turning a little red. She lined it with Fiora's hole and held it in place. 

Fiora wrapped her arms around his neck, and Blaze lowered his hips. Her walls stretched around him as he pushed balls deep into Fiora, who arched her body and clutched at his shirt, pulling him towards her. 

Alice watched him pull out slowly, how Fiora's pussy gripped at him before he plunged back into her. 

The wet sounds of the headmistress's pussy being fucked and filled, aroused Alice in an unexpected way - her mouth watered at the sight. Fiora's unceasing groans and moans only added to her arousal. She never expected to see stoic headmistress throw her head back and moan in ecstasy, and Alice's mind was consumed with imagining herself in Fiora's place. 

Blaze suddenly broke his steady rhythm as he pressed his arms around Fiora's sides and fell onto her breasts. He took a nipple into his mouth and began sucking on it as he rapidly rammed into her. 

The pitch of Fiora's voice slowly increased until she finally let out a shrill scream. Her hands slammed onto the desk and her body shuddered heavily; she jutted her groin up into him, flooding him with her warmth. 

Blaze was about to burst inside her, but when she released him from her arms, he acted on a fit of whim. He pulled out and coated her breasts and her dress with long streams of cum. 

Blaze knelt above her and caught his breath as the throes of their orgasm slowly calmed. Before Fiora could chide him for making a mess of her dress, he turned to Alice. "This is the entire reason for copulation, and it results in the cessation of the process," he said pointing at his mess, trying to sound learned and intelligent. 

"Fascinating!" Alice exhaled, and Fiora gave him wry smile. "Can I try it?" 

"Not now Ms. Alice. I can't skip too many classes," Blaze replied. <em>Oh, the privilege of choice</em>, he sighed at himself. He wouldn't have dreamed of giving up such an offer before, but now he just wanted to tease Alice for as long as he could. 

*** 

"I see what you meant when you said that she is not suitable for the Banner of Light," Alice said to Fiora as she buttoned up her usual dress suit. Fiora had quickly sent him on his way after cleaning him up with her previous dress. "Ms. Blaze is a bit roguish." 

"I prefer Blaze over any Malakim, but I don't think he has the qualities to wield the banner. The banner requires a specific mindset and purity of heart," Fiora said, sitting down on her chair. 

"Yet you do everything you can to support her." 

"She doesn't have to wield the Banner or even be a Quetzal rider to achieve great things." 

oOo 

The rest of the week proved to be quite uneventful for Blaze and the Tir academy. With Sky around, Blaze was far too busy to do anything besides focus on his classes and try to spend time with the quetzal, who was beginning to show signs of missing the rest of his family. 

Claudis kept a constant vigil on the bird to keep him from flying away by himself. Now that the quetzal's existence was widely known, it wasn't safe for him venture out by himself. 

The students were finally allowed to view the bird, and Blaze's classmates got to see him during their Pegasi class. 

"Fluffy Pegasi Whiskers!" Aahna screamed as the class crowded around Blaze, later that evening. "He was so cute and amazing. You should've seen him strut around the Pegasi as if he owned the stable," she squealed, drowning the voices of the rest of the students. "I wish he let me cuddle him." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"You should've seen him when he looked like a shaved rat," Blaze laughed at her. The bird was now quite plump and cuddly but Blaze still remembered him from the first day he met him â€“ wrinkly, helpless and ill-tempered. He loved the bird then and loved him even more now. 

"You know, I just remembered the first time we spoke," Rachel said to him. "You said you hoped to ride a Quetzal one day. I thought it was just a childish dream. I can't wait till he is big enough to ride. I will be happy to just watch you fly him around." 

Blaze nodded and gave them a little smile. His classmates knew that he needed to place in the top three in the tournament in order to keep Sky, but they had a naÃ¯ve sort of confidence in Blaze. They didn't know he had to fight someone nearly as strong as Elyssa to win the USMAT. 

*** 

Friday evening, before he left for home the weekend, Blaze headed to Claudis' house to spend some time with her and the quetzal. 

He found Sky swinging on Gyrill's tail, by holding onto to it with his beak and swinging his wings from side to side. The patient Pegasus seemed to have chosen to simply put up with it, while Claudis cleaned their stall with a wry smile on her lips. 

Sky's new coop beside the academy's stable was coming along but was still unfinished. 

Blaze quickly helped Claudis clean up the stall before playing around with Sky and the Pegasus. Gyrill clearly liked the bird a lot more when he wasn't swinging on her tail. 

"I am going home for the weekend," he stated solemnly to Claudis, as he started a game of fetch with Sky. 

"Don't worry, Blaze, I will take care of him. I am sorry things turned out this way and you can't take him back with you," she said, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. 

"I know..." he replied glumly as Sky returned with his stick. 

Claudis let Blaze throw the stick around a few times before she spoke again. "Are you staying for the night?" 

"No. I need to wake up early for my carriage and I have a few errands to finish before leaving." 

"Okay. Let's get the animals in for the night then," Claudis told him. Blaze's hour with Sky was up and though no-one was watching them at the moment, Claudis at least wanted to keep the pretense up. She didn't put it past the Malakim to find an excuse to take Sky away. 

As the sun was beginning to set, Sky begrudgingly accepted being led into the stall with Gyrill. He gave Blaze a goodnight squawk before huddling into the makeshift nest of twig and straw that Claudis had made for him. 

"Come inside for a moment," Claudis said, taking Blaze's hand. 

She led him into her house and quickly closed the door behind them, before pushing him against the side wall. 

"What is it?" Blaze squeaked in surprise. Claudis didn't mean to be rough, but she was a tall and strong angel, and her push carried surprising weight. 

"I was hoping to get my dose for the weekend," she replied with a slight blush on her face. Before Blaze could reply, she kneeled and pulled his shorts down. 

"Do you mind?" she asked, taking his flaccid member into her hand and stroking up and down his length. It didn't take long for him to get hard. 

Blaze didn't even bother to respond as he gazed down into her vibrant grey eyes. 

Taking his silence as acceptance, she quickly plopped his head into her mouth, kissing it and swirling her wet tongue around its tip. She held his balls in one hand and pumped his shaft with the other, bobbing her head up and down while slowly inching lower and lower. 

"Hela's butt!" Blaze cried out as she suddenly took away her hand and swallowed his entire length. He felt himself deep down her throat, her muscles swallowing around the head of his cock as she held him in place and looked up with watering eyes.  

No one else was as good with their mouth as Claudis; especially because she seemed to love it. Sucking him with her cheeks, she slowly pulled back up and slid her wet lips along his length. 

"Fraking hell!" Blaze couldn't help but curse out in pleasure. He didn't know how he managed to not burst right then. 

Claudis pulled back until he fell free of her mouth and smiled up at him. A string of saliva connected her lips with his shaft. "Don't curse," she reprimanded. Just because she loved his reactions didn't mean she would tolerate bad language. She was still his teacher. 

"You don't even know what it means!" Blaze complained. It was hard to take her seriously when she had his prick in her hand. <em>Or maybe I should.</em> 

"No, but I can tell it's a curse," she said, before swallowing his cock again. 

Claudis' hair was short and white in a boy cut, but she had had long bangs on her right. A lock of hair fell against him and her nose, obstructing Blaze's view. He reached for it and tucked it behind her ear. 

Claudis smiled at him with her eyes while she eagerly bobbed her head down his length. She loved the musky scent that pervaded her senses whenever she was close to his cock. It sparked her brain and awoke a torrid hunger that could only be satisfied by having him in her mouth. 

She swirled her tongue around him and tasted him before burying it back down her throat. Blaze hissed. She wrapped her arms around his waist, grabbing and kneading his butt cheeks to pull him deeper. 

Her movements became faster, and for the first time, Blaze had to hold someone's head to make them go slower. She was going too fast for him to last long and he wanted it to savor it more. 

But Claudis didn't want to slow down. She usually let him take lead in other acts, but not when it came to a blowjob and not when she felt him so fully inside her. 

She only quickened her pace, looking up at him with a desperate hunger as she swallowed his cock down her throat in long fast strokes. Blaze's knees almost buckled. His whole body was alight with pleasure and he held on to her head for support, his balls tightening and readying to fill her hot, hungry mouth. 

The door slammed open. 

"MO- What the HELA?" cried the angel standing at the doorway. Her hair was a light pink, but she had her mother's grey eyes and angular features that were currently scrunched in anger. 

"Tonya!" Claudis exclaimed, pulling away from Blaze with a wet slurp. Blaze quickly turned around and pulled up his shorts. He could only hope that the younger angel had not got a good look at it. 

<em>AWKWARD!</em> Blaze cried mentally as he slowly turned around. There was something uncomfortable about a daughter walking in on her mother with a mouthful of cock. 

"What is going on here?" Tonya asked again, staring daggers at Blaze. What she had seen made absolutely no sense to her, but she was convinced he was doing something wrong to her mother. 

"I will explain later. What are you doing here so early, honey?" Claudis asked softly, wiping her mouth on her sleeve. 

"I heard about the quetzal at Tir. I wanted to come back early and see how you were feeling about it. But lo and behold, the quetzal is actually here. Why the freak do we have a freaking quetzal in our stall, mother? Haven't you suffered enough because of its kind?" she screeched as her nostrils flared. 

"Er... I will excuse myself and let you two talk over ... stuff," Blaze said softly and tried to sneak past the pink head. 

"You stay right THERE! This entire thing is probably your fault," Tonya said, cutting him off and pushing against his shoulder. 

"Ugh? What do you mean? You don't even know me," Blaze said, eyeing the door. 

"I know exactly who you are. You're the dumb Righteous Fury who tortured my Pegasus. I knew you were bad news from the minute mom told me about it," she said, blocking the doorway with her hand. 

<em>Uh oh.</em> "Look kid, I am really sorry about Badava. I-" he started explaining like a wise older man. 

"You just keep quiet, and why the freak are you taking that tone with me. I am fifty years older than you," Tonya said, shutting him up and turned to her mother. 

Strangely, her words and attitude did not bother Blaze. Despite being much younger than her, he couldn't get rid of the feeling of being the responsible older one. Maybe fucking her mother had something to do with it. 

He had heard about Tonya from Claudis. The angel had described her daughter as a spirited, kind and compassionate young angel. It looked like she may have underemphasized the spirited part. 

Claudis let out a deep sigh. "Let her go, Tonya. I can't really explain how, but Blaze Er is only trying to help me. It's complicated. You can chew her out later," she said, shaking her head. She had hoped their first meeting would be a little more friendly. 

"Listen to your mother, child," Blaze said, placing a hand on Tonya's shoulder. She was a good few inches taller than him. "She knows best," he declared, sagely nodding his head. 

"You- You..." Tonya started fuming. 

Blaze chose the moment to duck down under her hand and scamper into the garden. Before either Tonya or Claudis could even register what was happening, he manifested his wings and took to the skies. 

"LATER GATOR!" he yelled at the furious young angel. "Take care of Sky for me, Claudis." 

<em>I am barely twenty. I don't think I can explain a mother's needs to her daughter!</em> He told himself as he flew back to the dorm. <em>Besides, I would've probably made things worse by staying. Claudis can manage on her own.</em> 

Tonya looked to go after him, but Claudis grabbed her hand, which was enough for Blaze to disappear into the night skies. 

oOo 

Blaze made his way to the carriages the next morning, half expecting to run into a mad Tonya. Thankfully, both the short walk to the Pegasi carriages and the trip back home proved to be uneventful. 

Rebecca and Splash picked him up at Varan and they quickly headed for home. Jie Er made an extravagant lunch as usual and the family enjoyed the meal, despite the solemn mood in the house. 

Rebecca tried to lighten the mood, but she and the otter seemed to be as affected by Sky's absence as the other two. They had seen the bird grow from a hatchling, and it was hard to accept the fact that he could be taken away by someone else. 

"Aunty Jie Er," Blaze began after their meal, and told her about the training class over the winter break. Jie Er listened and patiently waited until he was done. 

"No," she replied simply. 

"Aunty... I know it will be hard to not have me over the break, but I need to do this for Sky," Blaze said, failing to see the conviction behind Jie Er's eyes. 

"That is exactly why you need to be here over the break," she said looking straight into his eyes. Her voice was steely and determined, <em>"I</em> will train you." 

oOoOo 

<strong>Author's Note:</strong> Finally have decent titles for <em>The Azra El Series</em> 

Book 1 (until chapter 10) â€“ <em>Blazing Fury.</em> 

Book 2 (until chapter 18 or 19) â€“ <em>Righteous ...</em> (Don't want to spoil it) 

P.S: Don't miss the adventures of CapDragon below. 

<strong>Terms:</strong> The angels may or not be using these silly abbreviations in their conversation, but the author is most certainly using them cause he is a lazy ass. 

YAMAT: Young Angel Martial Arts Tournament. 

USMAT: Under Sixty Martial Arts Tournament. 

<em>Conversation I overheard between Phil and Betty (my pet stars) â€“ True Story.</em> 

Betty: Where is my mat? (referring to her yoga mat. Even stars made of burning hydrogen seem to be into yoga for some reason). 

Phil: You mean ya mat? 

Betty: Yes. 

Phil: It's being held in D'warka of the Holy Caledonian empire. We should go visit. 

Betty: You're an idiot. 

<strong>Note from Phil the star:</strong> The story below is not part of the series, but I am sure all of you want to know more about the great dragon that is writing this story. 

<strong>Adventures of Capricious Dragon.</strong> 

Once upon a time â€”one hundred and twenty-two million years ago to be exact, there lived a cute little *ahem* handsome and big dragon named Capricious. 

He was a happy and whimsical little dragon, hopping over stars and carefreely flitting between galaxies, in the company of Mama and Dada dragon. What were their names you ask? He didn't know. He was only a hundred million years old. He is sure they have cool names though. Something like Dada Awesome and Mama Spectacular. 

One fine year (dragons don't count in days for obvious reasons), they were drifting along the darkness of space, when they came by a pretty galaxy. 

**Okay, timeout! I made Phil write this for me, but he is obviously not very good with words. There is no oomph in them. I am gonna take over** 

I believe you humans call this galaxy the Bode's galaxy. It is big, sparkly and has the most perfect spiral of all the galaxies I have seen. 

I remember coursing through its fluffy gas clouds and punting its shiny little stars, when I was suddenly distracted by a nice glittering accretion disk surrounding the black hole at the center of the galaxy. What can I say? I like shiny objects.  

I can usually gobble up a regular sized supergiant for lunch and poop out black holes, but a supermassive black hole is an entirely different story. And, I was only a kid dragon. 

Mama had always warned me about those big nasty holes. I should've listened. I was mesmerized by the beauty of its toroidal ring of ionized matter, while it attracted me (like literal gravitational attraction) towards its all-consuming darkness. 

"LITTLE CAP!" I heard mama's scream. 

BOOOOM. An untimely but powerful gamma ray burst from the black hole blinded me and sent me spiraling towards its event horizon. I saw the horror on my parents' faces, before they suddenly disappeared from view. 

I remember struggling against the black hole's pull, and the pain of spaghettification is still vivid in my mind. But for how long I struggled, I don't remember. Time gets a bit loopy around a black hole. 

Anyway, I ultimately managed to remember the laws of momentum and mass transfer that my dad taught me. I decided to release a gas cloud from my behind (You humans may call it dragon fart, but it was a lot more magnificent in reality). The force by which I expelled the gas gave me the edge required to pull free, and I scampered away from the black hole. 

I am not going to go into the details of the calculation â€“ suffice to say it takes the genius of an extraordinary dragon to figure out the exact angle at which I had release my fart ... er ... gas cloud. 

Relieved and exhausted, I looked around for my parents. 

But they were nowhere to be found. Being extremely tired from all the exertion, I decided to take a nap in a nearby gas cloud (not a fart) for a couple of million years and wait for my parents to find me. 

When I woke up, my parents had still not appeared. I figured they got lost in their search. They had always been a tad bad with directions. That's how they lost my big brother too, or maybe he lost them - Semantics. 

I played around in Bode's galaxy for ten million more years, but soon I got bored of it. The stupid thing didn't even have partly sentient life that I could mess around with. So, I decided to search for my parents myself. I looked for the nearest galaxy and zipped to it. 

I traversed six galaxies, including a cigar shaped one â€“ that one was cool, before I finally ended up in the Milky Way. I blitzed through its space, searching for Mama and Dada, before I smelled something familiar. I followed the scent and arrived at the puny little star called the Sun. 

I immediately sensed the life on one of its planets (you guys), and I realized the scent was my ancestor's poop, which had condensed into the planet you peeps call Earth. I was disappointed to say the least. 

But I had been traveling for a hundred million years and I was tired. The planet also seemed to house some interesting creatures. Believe it or not, you guys are actually interesting. Most fully sentient life I've met has evolved past emotions, and that makes 'em kinda robotic. 

Curiosity caught the dragon and I descended my awesome self onto your lands. I condensed my size befitting one for such a tiny planet and landed amongst a bunch of pine trees in the middle of a nice hiking trail. 

The fresh and invigorating smell of pine elated my senses as I took in the beautiful surroundings. 

That's when I spotted <em>her</em>. 

Awestruck and bedazzled by my glorious form, she stood staring with her mouth ajar. And I must say, I was equally captivated. 

She was beautiful. Hair like feathery flax, eyes like galaxies, lips like cherries, and freckles. Oh, I loved those light brown freckles over her creamy skin. 

"Aieeeeeeeeee," she screamed in terror when she came to her senses and turned around to flee. 

I subconsciously made a swipe at her, trying to hold her in place and calm her down. 

<em>Poof</em> went my first love, in the flames of my own emotions. I was still a little hot, you see. Condensing a lot of mass in a small space apparently makes for really high temperatures. 

...<em>To be continued.</em> 

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong> 

Q. Are we done with the voyeurism (peeping) yet? 

A. For now. I've been leading up to this scene with Alice for a while. I am satisfied :P. But Alice may never truly be done with her peeping ways. 

Q. Why can Sky already fly? 

A. If we say that Sky was around 1-2 weeks old when Blaze found him, he should be around 22 weeks old when he flew to Blaze (Yes, I know. It doesn't feel that long â€“ I rechecked the timeline). Parrots begin to fly anywhere between 4-16 weeks of age, depending on their size. Like Ahren mentioned in the comments, Avians/birds have a natural instinct to fly. Sky is a gigantic bird, but the only limiting factor is the growth of feathers. That took a while for him ðŸ˜Š. 

Q. How did Sky find his way to Blaze? (Finbar9800) 

A. Nope! No GPS connection between Blaze and Sky. It's Splash and her excellent senses. She is a tracker that one, and she doesn't merely rely on smell. You didn't think she was just a cute irrelevant otter did ya? I plan to make Sky and Splash a duo of sorts, later on in the story. 

Q. How long is the 'Miss' gag going to go on for? (R3velation) 

A. As I mentioned earlier, Miss is a gender-neutral word on Azra-El â€“ there is only one gender on the continent, except for Blaze of course. I could use a different word, but it's easier to call everyone 'Miss'. I also find it funny to use the word as a prefix for Blaze and I intend it as a source of annoyance for him. 

It is not intended to introduce any sort of sexual ambiguity to Blaze's character. Though you may feel free to think so, if that is your thing. 

Q. Where's the Blazing Piroutte? Why didn't Blaze use it against Priscilla? 

A. The move is still a work in progress. He is not going to use it against a real opponent until he masters it. 

Q. Did Blaze act cool after beating up a girl? 

A. Yes. Yes, he did. 

Q. Why would Rebecca feel off about Blaze doing it with her mother? (Horny Mythic Creature) 

A. Emotions aren't entirely logical, are they? 

That said, a bit of instinctual protectiveness, jealousy, disgust and so on may all play a part in her reaction. I may explore this in more detail later, so I won't give you a straight answer. 

Why do humans link sex with love? I think its innate â€“ Rebecca maybe feeling something instinctual in the same way. You can use logic to make sense of your emotions, but most can't use it to entirely curb them. 

But none of this means that Rebecca will absolutely hate him if he does anything with Aurnia. She'd just prefer if he doesn't. 

Q. Does the above conversation between Phil and Betty mean that they have gained sentience? 

A. Who knows. They've been talking to me recently, but it could all be in my head. Maybe you're all in my head. Or maybe the mere presence of my superlative self has given them sentience. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Response to Comments</strong> (longest to shortest) 

<em>Anonymous (to all of them):</em> Thank you for your comments. I hope you guys can make a profile so I can respond to your comments ðŸ˜Š. 

<em>HornyMythicCreature:</em> Unicorn or Minotaur? PS: Check Q&amp;A for the answer to your question. If it doesn't satisfy you, feel free to send me a message or think of it as creative license I took to make that scene more enticing. 

<em>Wankr65:</em> Yeah, it's a good thing you've accepted Blaze and Elyssa as being friends. There isn't going to be anything sexual between them for a while, if ever. 

<em>Finbar9800:</em> Glad you liked the Clio bit. As for Blaze and the tournament â€“ The end of the tournament and a chapter bit after will that will be the angel arc of the story. There is a whole demon arc after that. So, there is quite a bit of the story left, and I hope it will be as or more engaging than the story so far. Thank you for reading and constant support. 

<em>ReaderReaderfic:</em> That's what I love about a good story â€“ connections that make you think but ultimately come together logically. The satisfaction of anticipating events and seeing them come true is gratifying. Don't know how well I am doing it, but I try. 

Otters: I've been watching more videos of them. They are so damn cool, intelligent and brave. Did you know that they gang up on crocodiles and put their heart out fighting them and defending their own? Splash will be the same :P. I am glad you took your gf to see otters. I really hope you get an otter at some point. 

<em>Jpz007ahren:</em> I haven't read Cole or Card, so I can't comment. But yes, Astrid does seem that way. She is very introspective and calculative, but her outward appearance is only partially artificial. When you pretend to be something for long enough you sometimes become it. 

Avians learn to fly really quickly. I had a parrot for a little while. It took a while for him to fledge but once he grew his feathers, he was flying around in a few days. 

Pegasus scene: For Blaze to become a better knight, he has to reconcile with his actions during that scene I believe. It will come up soon. 

P.S: Half-Huldra â€“ Is Blaze one or will he make one ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°). 

P.P.S: How DARE you compare this magnificent dragon to a mere cat. **Ooh. Is that a sparkly star? <em>Gets distracted and chases after it**</em> 

<em>James7954</em>: Thank you! Your comments always give me the extra energy to write more. To know that my readers are paying attention to the details and the ebbs and flows of the chapter. You are right, almost everything is connected one way or the other, thus far (except the scenes which were added for fun). I can only hope it turns out to be as awesome as it is in my head. 

Are you by any chance Xosmos? If not, then never mind. If yes, what can I say - this dragon is omniscient. :P 

Is this the real life or is this just fantasy? 

Who knows? I am not gonna tell you either way, am I? :P. But here is a crazy shower thought. There are some well thought out hypotheses that we live in a simulation. But if that is the case, what is the line between a simulation and reality? I don't think there is one. What makes a simulation feel 'real' is the way it is structured within constraints of logic but leaves a smidgeon of chance to varying outcomes (or at least gives the illusion of varying outcomes). 

Considering this, even if the story is just a figment of imagination. It exists in my consciousness and is 'real' to its inhabitants, because it follows the logic of the universe and also gives its inhabitants a choice in their actions, even though it is headed towards a predetermined end. Even our universe is headed towards a predetermined end â€”the Big Freeze or the heat death, depending on which theory is correct. But a lot can vary in between. 

Did that make any sense? I am prone to going off on random tangents at times. 

<em>Rance:</em> Rance! I missed you. Er... I mean, Momo missed you. Yes, it was definitely Momo. Damn transmission typo! Quantum entanglement is not as reliable as it seems. 

Anyway, where have you been? I see you've been cheating on Azra-El for this new manga. I must investigate for science and inspiration. ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°) 

Aurelion Sol - They say that sarcasm is the lowest form of humor. This Aurelion must be a lower form of dragon than me. Muhahahahahahaha haha. *ahem* But I must agree, he does seem like my kin. 

Jokes aside, he seems like a pretty cool character. Though I don't like his design. Looks like a tadpole. That video was pretty great, but I enjoyed his quotes a lot more. <em>I made the stars... but you inspire me to make more</em> â€“ I wanna use this with someone :P. And this - <em>Were you born this flat, or did you work at it?</em> I played league of legends in its first few seasons (was platinum something). They've added a lot of champs since then. Aurelion is new to me. Did you not notice the spin to win reference with the Blazing pirouette? 

Anyway, this CapDragon has quotes of his own. "<em>Gravity is the curvature of my cosmic dancing</em>." Can Aurelion top that? 

I was pretty happy with how that dance scene in chap 13 turned out. My only dancing experience in public is clubbing during Uni :P. No pertinent Shakespeare reference here. 

Clio - Trust me, she was buzzing a lot more in my imagination. Just didn't want to make it too anime-like. It's not for everyone. 

I remember tearing up at that Lord Hood speech. RIP â€“ Momo. Don't worry though, she is watching from carnike heaven. 

What is Blaze? That is the question, isn't it? It maybe simpler or more complex than you imagine :P. I am not giving away anything. 

Easter Carnikes and sexy angels in bunny costumes â€“ that's definitely something that needs to be explored. 

Oh yes, the otter is definitely as smart as a dolphin. And there is a Hela Empire conspiracy somewhere- doesn't have anything to do with the otter though. There is also a Hela spy amongst all the angels I've introduced so far â€“ I am only revealing this to you and anyone else who had the patience to read till this bit. It's our secret :P. 

How can I kill off Sky before he grows into a magnificent Quetzal that has the Malakim for breakfast, Xenodons for lunch and demons for dinner? Wait, shouldn't breakfast be the best meal of the day? The Malakim shouldn't be tasty. Unless, Blaze's tastes are rubbing off on the poor quetzal. He'd definitely have the Malakim for breakfast :P. 

Jie Er â€“ What made you think she is the leader of HU? The scene where she consoles Blaze? As I said, the reality maybe more or less complex than you imagine. The leader of the HU is technically Michelle Lucian, who holds the banner of light. Jie Er is not her. 

Angles â€“ No no, not a typo. They are a type of angels that were born to be mob characters. Jk. It's a typo. 

Oi. I aiin't Aurelion. I am Lord Capricious Dragon. The greatest dragon ever. This silly Aurelion let himself be controlled by mortal. Besides, Aurelion makes stars - I eat stars. Logic indicates I can eat Aurelion (no homo). Muhahaha. Though I must say his story is very interesting. **Hovering between Phil and Betty and pretending to be Aurelion** Wait a minute. Does that make me a void dragon? Noooooo... 

Azra-El does have its version of google. It's called a library :P. 

So, is Momo your alter ego or is she the sexy imaginary friend you do umm... stuff with? Perhaps she is both. **Oi, Momo! Stop biting my dragon arse. I get it. You aiin't Rance's imaginary friend. He just named her after you alright!** Between you and me, Rance â€“ whispers â€“ You can have Momo. But I must warn you. She has sharp teeth and a fiery temper. 

Thanks for going off on another tangent. Don't worry, I understand your spiels perfectly well. 

Das Vedanya â€“ until your next comment ðŸ˜Š.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 16|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Chapter Edited by DrasticExplorer, ChrisAnow, and BarakGiles. They were great!</em> 

<strong>Special thanks</strong> to <em>Mike Siegmund</em>, <em>Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal</em> for supporting my work thus far. 

<strong>Obligatory Warning: 1.</strong> Male readers: keep some lotion <em>handy.</em> Female Readers: I am not gonna make any assumptions on what you may or may not need. There are a lot of sexual scenes (6-7), varying from very short to medium length, but it has a lot of story too. 

2. Chapter is the longest so far~28k words. You don't have to read it in one go :P. 

<strong>Blaze's Time Frame</strong> (Probably a better recap than last chapter's)<strong>:</strong> It's been around 8 months since Blaze's arrival. Sky should be around 5.5 months old. It's been around two months since Blaze started attending Tir. 

Day 1 (Bloom (April), LE 634): Blaze pops out of an egg in the middle of nowhere and Jie Er adopts him. 

Week 2: Rebecca shows up to challenge Jie Er for her house. 

Week 3: Blaze meets Elyssa. 

Month 2: First flying lessons; Solo flying trips; Meets Momo the carnike. 

Week 8: Trip to Cali. 

Month 3: Elyssa leaves Varan (They still speak on VP). More carnike adventures. 

Week 12: Finds Sky. 

Month 4: Rin and Lin foursome. Rebecca leaves to TriSaw ridge for a month. Blaze and Jie Er's relationship finally turns. 

Month 5: Flexibility lessons *ahem*. Rebecca returns. 

Month 6 (Gather (September), LE 634): Blaze attends Tir for the first time. Meets Siofra at the HM's office. Gets real close with Fiora. 

Week 1(of classes): Fun time with Seshat. 

Week 2: Blaze displays Righteous Fury for Siofra. Fun time with Claudis. Pegasi lessons with Badava. 

Month 7 

Week 3: Blaze scares Badava. Combat Training with Siofra and new teacher Yulia. Elyssa returns. Rebecca spots Splash tormenting the wild dogs. 

Week 4: Trip to Saket/Sekat. (Chapter 13). 

Week 5-6: Energy Physics lessons and Energy Manipulation in combat training. Rebecca adopts Splash. Sky and Splash become good friends. 

Month 8 

Week 7:Sky shows up at Tir, together with Splash. The delegates of the societies meet at Tir to discuss the first Angelic Quetzal. Blaze ends up challenging the Malakim. Fights Priscilla again. Elyssa shows him the tournament record book. 

Week 8: Meets Claudi's daughter Tonya. Fiora tells him about the training camp she is arranging. Jie Er tells Blaze she is gonna train him for the tournament. 

Note: I think the first quarter feels long because of so many things happening. For me, the first semester (and the last) of my college remains the most vivid. You make new friends, find independence, explore, party, meet that one girl who you will have unrequited feelings for the rest of your life -- even though you've never spoken to her again... **You: Wait, that last one is oddly specific. Me: What? No! It happens to everyone and a friend of mine (not me) ** What I mean to say is that the first term/semester is always the most exciting. Things settle down and fall into a routine afterwards. 

The current chapter takes place in Natt (December). 

<strong>Lore:</strong> 

<strong>Curse Words of Azra-El</strong> (Those used so far) 

<em>Hela's Butt:</em> All angels want to spank it - obviously. It's equivalent to saying Fucking Hell! Blaze has misused it at times. 

<em>Pegasi Whiskers:</em> Expression of disbelief, cause Pegasi don't have whiskers. 

<em>Fluffy Pegasi Whiskers:</em> Good sorta surprise. 

<em>Freak:</em> This is obvious. 

<em>Carnike:</em> Coward. 

<em>Raving Carnike:</em> Equivalent to calling someone a lunatic or something along those lines. 

<strong>Subjects taught at Tir Academy:</strong> Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Literature, Geography, History, Ethics and Philosophy, Art &amp; Architecture, Music, and Combat Training. First years have Pegasi Flying lessons in the place of Music. Complex subjects like Anatomy, Civics and Law, Flight Physics, Energy Physics etc. are taught from the fourth year. Students can take optional subjects in their 8<sup>th</sup> and 9<sup>th</sup> years. 

<strong><em>Just for fun:</em></strong> There are a couple of English songs hidden in this chapter. A few verses from each, changed to match the story a little. If you can find and name the songs, you'll receive Azra-El points. 50 AP for the easier one and 100 AP for the harder. What can you do with them, you ask? Well, Momo says that they will be useful in crossing over to Azra-El in your next life. She promises you will get your choice of gender/body. 

Since my patrons already have an afterlife ticket to Azra-El, I will try to think of something for the ones who find the songs :P. 

Clues: 1. Both songs are from the 2000s. One is English rock and the other Alt-rock. Two verses from each of the song are actually together, so if you find one, you may find the other. There are other verses too. 

2. If a sentence seems just a teensy bit off, but still sorta fits, that's probably a verse. 

Enjoy the chapter :) 

Chapter 16 

Aranya did not have unbearably hot summers, nor were its winters cold enough for snow. Other than in the mountains, it almost never snowed anywhere in the kingdom, and that made Aranyan winters cold and boring. Humid winds from the north brought mid-winter rains, making early Natt (December) chilly and wet. 

It was on a dreary Matadie(Monday) morning that Blaze flew to the Registrar's office to meet with the headmistress. The water from the light drizzle seeped through his wings and clothing, making him cold, uncomfortable, and heavy. Umbrellas were not useful whilst flying. 

Alice greeted him from behind her desk. "If you're looking for the headmistress, she is currently away on a trip to Sekat. I don't expect her until tomorrow afternoon. Would you like to come back, or do you want me to give her a message?" she said to him while her eyes roved over the damp, silken tank top that clung to him like a second skin. 

"Umm... Can you tell her that I won't be able to attend the training sessions over the break?" he asked her, unmindful of her lusty gaze. He wanted to let the headmistress know his decision as soon as possible. Blaze had tried over the weekend to convince Jie Er to let him attend the training session, but she seemed absolutely set on training him herself. 

Alice raised her brows in surprise. "Why not?" 

"Jie Er wants to train me herself." 

"Your mother? Are you sure?" she asked again. 

"Yes!" Blaze replied, trying to appear surer than he was. 

"Okay. I will inform the headmistress at the earliest," Alice said without further judgment. "Do you need help getting warm and dry before you leave?" she asked after a brief pause. 

It was Blaze's turn to raise a brow at her. He couldn't tell from her expression if she meant what he thought she meant. "It's alright. I will be getting wet again. I am meeting Clio for another interview and a picture with Sky. I already took the Headmistress' permission before the weekend," he told her before leaving. 

*** 

Clio arrived at the clearing a half-hour before the start of Blaze's classes. Unlike Blaze, she was covered in a hooded sheepskin cloak that protected her from the rain. Two medium cuts ran along the back of the cloak to let her wings out. 

"Why aren't wearing a cloak?" she asked, smoothly landing in front of him and dematerializing her lavender pink wings. The two angels had decided to meet up at their previous spot before heading over to Claudis' house. 

Though the rain was only a light drizzle and he was standing under the shade of a nearby tree, Blaze had been out long enough for his clothes to become completely wet. Angels didn't need much protection from the heat or cold, but the rain was different. "Er... I forgot to bring one," he made up an excuse. The truth was that Jie Er was a little forgetful about buying him practical clothing, and he was loath to raise the topic in fear that she may actually buy him some; God forbid if she bought him something that he'd rather take off from other angels. 

"You should've borrowed one from your classmates," Clio shook her head. 

"I s-should've..." he stuttered, as a shiver coursed through his body. His energy resources had finally been sapped. 

"Oh, come here!" Clio exclaimed as pity overcame her rationality. Unfurling her cloak, she held up her hand in invitation. She was dressed in a peach colored, bare-shouldered crop top, and a pair of high-waisted shorts that were pulled up to her butt crease. 

Blaze nodded and began to pull his clothes off. 

"Um... What are you doing?" 

"Getting out of my clothes so I don't get yours wet... you know, when we are huddled together," he said with a straight face. 

Clio gulped and nodded. 

His eyes were enough to convince her of his intentions. She stared at him, unmoving, as he stripped and stepped into her cloak, wearing nothing but an impish grin. She had let the devil in without knowing it. 

"Hehe. There may be a better way for you to help me warm up," he sniggered like an old pervert. He sneaked an arm around her waist and pulled himself into her dry and comfortable warmth, feeling the smooth skin on the sides of her stomach with his damp, cold fingers. 

"Is this another favor, Ms. Blaze?" Clio asked with another visible gulp. She wanted it, but his current expression could make anyone feel skeptical. 

"Oh?" Blaze said, questioningly. "We don't have to do it if you don't want it," he told her smugly. 

"I didn't mean it like that," Clio said, immediately changing her tone. She turned a little red in the face before she spoke her next words. "Would you mind doing it to my butt?" 

It was Blaze's turn to be speechless. <em>Clio was an anal girl!</em> 

"I experimented a little," she said embarrassedly, thinking Blaze did not understand her desire. "Fingers don't feel the same way as your thing, especially in there." 

"An angel wants what she wants," he shrugged his shoulders. "Now, wrap me up! I am a little cold!" he said, pulling her closer. 

Clio swiftly pulled the cloak around them and held it with her arms around his shoulders. Blaze sneaked his hands up her back to loosen the string that held the crop top around her chest. It slipped down to reveal a pair of small pale white breasts -- the only region of her body not covered in freckles. They had gentle, beautiful swells that fit perfectly in the cups of Blaze's hands. 

He began to gently knead and caress them, sending his thumbs in a spiral over her areolae and culminating in a flick of her nipples. 

Clio's body bowed as she let out a breathy moan, and Blaze took the opportunity to take her swell into his mouth and began to gently swirl his tongue around her nipple, flicking and sucking on it between rotations. 

Her nipples bulged under his hand and mouth, and Clio let out a whimper. She pushed his head into her chest, using her inner biceps to hold him there, while trying her best to keep the cloak wrapped over their bodies. 

Noticing her eagerness, Blaze reached a hand down to her shorts and undid her button and zipper. His fingers quickly made their way into her panties, feeling her warm dampness. He lightly and carefully flitted around the hood of her clit with the tip of his finger, before flicking it. 

Clio stood on the tips of her toes and moaned. 

"Seems like this place wants me as much as the other," he commented. But seeing the helpless expression on her face, he reassured her. "Don't worry, we'll will do 'em both." 

Her shorts were tight around her butt, and he had to push and tug on them to bring them down to her thighs. He ran a finger down her slit and found her to be sopping wet. Spreading her juices around with his fingers, he slowly pushed one in. 

Clio's walls tightly clamped around him as she instinctively spread her thighs and leaned into him. He held on to her weight as he slowly dragged his finger out, and then took it to her puckered hole. He circled around its puckered folds before slowly penetrating it, using her own juices as lube. 

She raised her thigh and circled a leg around him, pulling him closer. Blaze pulled out and repeated what he did, sliding in and out -- first with one finger, and then with two. 

When he finally pushed his thumb into her slit while his index and middle fingers were firmly lodged in her butt, the sensation made Clio come in a shuddering climax. Her knees buckled as let go of the cloak and held onto Blaze's neck. The cloak slipped off their bodies and fell to the ground. 

Blaze felt her orgasm through her skin as she drenched his hand and it made his dick as hard as steel. 

"How can you do that with just your fingers?" she muttered into his ear, resting her chin on his shoulder. 

Blaze simply smiled as he kissed and sucked on her earlobe, before gently pushing her away and taking a moment to gaze at the freckles on her face. 

"Put this in your space ring," he said, picking up her cloak and handing it to her. "We might as well get a little wet," he said, walking out into the clearing. The rain's intensity had suddenly increased. 

He turned away from Clio and spread his arms, letting the cold rain wash over him. Glancing up at the sky, he felt the spiking drops against his face; it felt better than being damp. 

Clio watched him from the shade of the tree, before taking off her clothes and walking out to stand beside him. It was highly unlikely for anyone to be around in that rain to spot them. 

Blaze turned to her and beheld her naked form. Her light-yellow locks of hair gained a darker shade as they became drenched in the rain and clung to her face as water dribbled off their ends. Even her freckles seemed more pronounced on her pale white skin, but that was just perfect. 

Clio stood confidently with her hands on her waist. She was the type to be hesitant at first but became bolder with each step of a process. Gazing into his face, she gave him an expectant smile. 

Blaze stepped in and wrapped his arms around her waist. Pulling her close, he stood on tiptoe and pulled her head down to kiss her wide and full lips. 

She was taken by surprise, but the tender embrace of his lips drowned the emotion and surfaced an intimacy she had not felt before. It also seemed to wash away some of the reservations she had about him. 

As she got used to the idea, Clio's lips and tongue were forceful and dexterous as she weaved them between Blaze's. Their tongues rolled and collided as they tasted each other. Clio's cherry like flavor drowned his mind and senses. 

They kissed as their hands roved over each other's bodies, until they had to pull apart to catch their breath. Blaze planted a quick kiss on her cheek and stepped back to pull out his Txiki needle. 

"I'd rather have you," Clio said, remembering where the needle had been the previous time. 

"I know. This is for you to play with yourself," he said, placing the needle in her hand and turning her around. 

He pushed her hair to the front and placed his hands on her shoulders, slowly travelling down her back, feeling and caressing every inch of her skin. He reached down and squeezed her ass. It felt wonderfully soft, bouncy and full in his hands. To him, Clio's butt had always been her best physical feature. 

Slowly, he leaned into her back, watching the raindrops travel down her nape, along her spine, and into the crevice between her cheeks. Brushing his lips over the wet skin, he stood on tiptoe to lick a droplet of water off her nape. 

An all-encompassing tingle shot up and down her spine and into her brain, making her shiver in bliss while her back arched like a wound-up bow. 

Blaze's cock pushed into the back of her thighs, as he leaned into whisper. "I can't reach you unless you are on all fours or lying down." 

Clio silently nodded and got down onto her knees. But before she could fall on her hands, Blaze stepped in front of her. 

"I need some lubrication," he said with a smirk, inching his raging prick towards her heavy lips. 

Clio glanced up at him with her hazel eyes before wordlessly taking him into her mouth. Her soft, thick lips felt heavenly against his skin as she slowly took him in, circling her tongue around his head. 

Blaze hoped that she'd take it slow, but she seemed to be in a hurry. She deepthroated him and held him there until her gag reflex kicked in and her eyes turned moist. She then pulled him out only to take all of him in again, repeating it a few times before pulling away. 

"Is this enough?" she asked him, making apparent her overwhelming desire. Blaze was a little disappointed, but he didn't push her. He moved around as she fell on her hands and spread her knees, arching her back and making her bubble butt more prominent. 

A slick sheen covered her lower lips, her cum combining with the rainwater and forming a shiny layer over her groin. Blaze stepped over her legs to straddle her over her butt. Placing his greedy paws on her ass cheeks, he moved his member to the entrance of her vagina. 

"Just a moment," he told her, pushing himself into her slit. 

Clio responded with a moan as he split her apart. Her arousal made it easy for him to penetrate her. He slid in and out a couple of times before pulling out, his dick slick with her juices. Wetting his thumb with his saliva, he moved his fingers to her backdoor and worked them inside her to loosen her up. 

"Use the needle," he told her, placing his tip against the entrance of her ass. She nodded, but did not immediately follow his advice, as she waited in anticipation. She needed to feel him inside her. 

Blaze removed his fingers and used his thumb to slowly push the crown of his shaft inside; his fingers had made her entrance pliant. Inch by inch, he descended by slowly pushing his way in. 

Clio closed her eyes and felt him bury his entirety in her ass. When his groin finally touched the top of her butt, he paused a moment, before pulling out. Her eyes opened wide as she let out a silent gasp and her back arched up. 

He pulled out until only his tip remained in her and then pushed his whole length back in her in one smooth stroke. 

"Aaaaghhh," she cried out, as she felt him bottoming out in her. 

Blaze relished in the tightness of her rectum as it squeezed him. It was not just tight around his dick â€”it was warm and snug. Clio finally brought up the handle of the Txiki needle, using its soft base to tickle her clit before slowly pushing it into her slit. 

The rain intensified once more, and as it hammered against their bodies, the urgency in their own movements increased. Blaze held on to her hips and used them as leverage to pump his cock into her, while Clio tried to keep the needle in sync with his thrusts. Their wet hair stuck to their skins and the rainwater, along with the movements of their bodies, animated them. 

Despite being drenched by the cold rain, the heat inside them surged. Each thrust sent jolts of electricity into their brains, sparking every inch of their bodies as they felt the rain against their skin, and their skin against skin. 

Finally, Blaze could not hold on anymore. Knowing the height of Clio's arousal, he burst into her with a heavy thrust of his hips, sending a ripple across her butt. 

Clio felt the streams of cum flow into her, and she intensified the pumping of the needle in her vagina. "Ah ah ah ah Aaaaaaghhh!" Her final scream echoed through the woods, as she threw the needle aside and fell onto the grass, bringing Blaze along with her. 

She spasmed and shuddered as he felt her warmth hit his balls. He held her shoulders and pressed himself onto her soft, wet back as he felt her passage twitch and massage all the cum out of his shaft. It was exceptionally fulfilling. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
*** 

"I thought we'd wait until the interview was over, Miss Blaze," Clio commented, as she crouched on her feet and let his cum dribble out of her ass. Blaze watched with interest. 

"No. Why do you think I wanted to meet here? Also, please just call me Blaze," he told her. "Do I have to be in the picture with Sky?" he asked her after a moment. He was fine with having his picture taken at Sekat, but he had been receiving more spotlight than anticipated, and thus wasn't sure about once again having his picture in circulation. 

Clio seemed to understand his problem. "Don't worry, I will make sure Sky is the one in focus. The rain and being out of focus will ensure that your image isn't very clear. 

"Besides, we must take this picture. I just thought of a perfect title: 'Sky and the Blazing Fury, enjoying each other's company despite the rain'", she said, with a wave of her hand, highlighting an imaginary caption. 

Soon, the two angels went to find Claudis and Sky. Having missed him over the weekend, the bird was immensely excited to see Blaze again, and that was exactly what Clio needed. She took several pictures of them playing in the rain, with Gyrill tagging along. 

Afterwards, Clio quickly interviewed Blaze, asking him his thoughts about the tournament, and how he was preparing for it. She even talked to Claudis about taking care of a Quetzal. 

"Blaze, my editor-in-chief provided us with these," she said as she set out to leave. She brought a pair of synced voice projectors out of her ring. "Since I am your primary correspondent, she thought we should keep in touch," she said with a smile, handing him one the VPs. "I will contact you if I have questions, and you can get in touch with me whenever you like." 

After Clio left, Blaze conversed with Claudis for a short while. He wondered if she'd bring up her daughter and the incident before he left to Varan for the weekend, but Claudis seemed to have no interest in forcing it. They spoke about casual things before he left for his classes. 

*** 

Fiora summoned Blaze to her office on Aeidie (Wednesday), but once she realized it was entirely Jie Er's choice, she didn't try to convince him otherwise. She told him that she would sending Jie Er a letter and sent him on his way. The rest of the week quickly flew by. 

Class 1A played Flyball against two more first year classes that weekend and won both games convincingly. Blaze was benched again, and by the looks of it, it seemed like his class hardly needed him. 

Blaze, Elyssa, and Siofra went out to town for lunch on Hadie (Saturday), and while in town, Blaze purchased the Aranya Weekly. It was especially popular that weekend, and the shopkeeper refused to take payment for it as usual. 

Clio's pictures had been distributed to other newspapers as per an official agreement, but she was the only one with access to Blaze. As such, a lot of Aranyans wanted to read her paper, including Blaze. 

"<em>The pictures alone convey the bond between the young Blazing Fury and the Quetzal. Why are we giving the Holy Caledonian Empire a chance to split them up?"</em> were the final words of Clio's latest article. Blaze felt a new fondness for her grow inside him, as he realized that she was really trying her best to support him. 

"Blazing Fury!" he heard a young voice squeal with delight, as they stepped out of the store. 

A cute green haired angel, accompanied by her mother, around Jie Er's age, was excitedly pointing at him from the other side of the street. Physically, she looked like a 10 or 11-year-old human girl but it was likely that she was less than five. It was almost impossible to tell the age of very young angels. Blaze had a moment of epiphany as he realized that he was supposed to look like her. 

The three angels were soon surrounded. His picture in the current article wasn't very clear, but the little angel seemed especially well-informed. She even guessed Elyssa and Siofra for who they were. 

The townsfolk hailed them with greetings, praises, and questions until the trio decided to head back to campus. But not before the little girl, Emma, took their autographs. Siofra was especially excited when she was asked for hers. She had never expected to be popular with an angel. 

*** 

The atmosphere in his dorm completely changed from the evening of Joeidie (Sunday), as most of the students began to prepare for the end-of-term exams. As the angels only attended the Academy once every ten years, the year they attended was intensive. The tests were especially tough at Tir, the best academy in the western part of the HU. 

Students like Aahna and Bi had even started preparing a week earlier. However, there were also angels like Blaze and Rachel, who sat on the carpet and played a game of chaken. Siofra sat behind them on Blaze's couch, studying for her own tests. 

"This is no fun with only two players!" Rachel threw her hands up in air, after losing the fourth game in a row. Chaken was an intricate mix of chess and poker, and Blaze was beginning to get good at it. He had never gotten into chess as a human, but poker was another story. Making good bets was one his favorite things to do, even if he lost some. 

"What difference does it make?" Blaze asked smugly. "I'd have won anyway. But this is a good opportunity for me to try new moves, and for you to learn some," he enlightened her. 

"I'd rather have other players to beat. I am done!" she fumed and folded her arms with a pout. 

"What about Catopoly?" he asked. Catopoly was a more political and business-oriented game, and it suited someone like Astrid more than it did him. 

"No." Rachel seemed to dislike it even more than he did. 

"You wanna try a game, Siof?" he nudged Siofra's legs with his shoulder, as he leaned back against his couch. 

"Must be nice to be in a class three grades below your level," Siofra said testily, glancing over her book. 

"Oi! Even Rachel's not studying!" 

"She must not care for good grades. I do." Siofra told him bluntly. 

"I don't. Only chumps try so hard for perfect grades," Rachel responded smugly, earning a glare from Aahna, sitting a few feet away from them. "I only want to be a Pegasi knight. I just need to understand the material and get good grades in combat training," she shrugged her shoulders. Combat training was only graded at the end of each year and not every term. 

"See, Siof! Grades are not everything. Come play a game with me. We may not get another chance before the next term. I am bored!" Blaze urged. 

"If you're so bored, why don't you help those Malakim seven? They seem to be struggling with math," she said, pointing at the group of Malakim gathered around at a corner table. Most of them had their hands by the sides of their heads, holding their hair in fists, as they stared uncomprehendingly into their math books. 

"Ah! The duties of a Big Bro," Blaze sighed dramatically, getting up and heading towards them. His impression of the seven had improved over the weeks, and he had actually grown fond of Afriel, who was the best Flyball pitcher in their class. Even <em>he</em> had trouble hitting her curveballs. 

"You're big, alright," Siofra quipped at his back. "A big, lazy, dumbass." 

*** 

Matadie and Rhedie went by quickly, and the students got Aeidie off to prepare for the tests. They had ten tests to take over the next couple of days. Blaze flew to his classes on the morning of Radie (Thursday), feeling a little tense. He had only started preparing the previous night, and the nervousness of his classmates had begun to rub off on him. 

However, once he saw the first test, Biology, and began writing, his worries disappeared. The other sciences were even easier. By the end of the day, he was back to his usual self and pestering Siofra to do something interesting, while she stoically brushed off his puerile attempts. 

He knew she was going to do well in the tests anyway so he didn't mind distracting her. 

"Seriously! I should be the Big Bro. You're too juvenile!" she complained, finally getting frustrated. 

"Siof. You can't be a bro," he told her sagely, placing hand on her shoulder. She seemed unconvinced. 

The tests on the following day were a bit tougher. Art and Architecture was Blaze's hardest subject, and he felt he made a few mistakes on his Literature test. Geography didn't go perfectly either. 

Seshat's test on History was the only one he felt good about. History had always been his least favorite subject, but Seshat had upended this opinion. As he finished writing, he was sure he would ace the paper. He was also convinced that he was the only one among his classmates to answer the extra question. 

He had learned it while trying to catch up on his fourth-year reading: 

"<em>Q. What is special about LE 572? (Extra Credit -- 10 points)</em> 

<em>A. 'The day darkness glowed'. A strange darkness, visible only through anja, spread across most of Azra-El. The 'brightness' of this darkness surged for a moment, temporarily blinding the anga of angels who had been watching it. The origins of the darkness are unknown, as it seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere. But the central continent is where the dark energy was the densest.</em> 

<em>"Some claim it was the day Hela ascended to a previously unknown power level -- higher than a Deva or an Asura. Others claim it was the day Hela died, as she hasn't appeared since. Others still, claim it was the day the next potential Asura was born."</em> 

All-in-all, Blaze was satisfied with his attempts, especially after speaking with Rachel. If <em>she</em> felt like she was going to do alright, he probably had the best grades in the class. Her answer to the extra question was that her older sister had turned five that year. She claimed that it was technically correct as it was special to at least one person. 

*** 

After the exams, the students began to party, enjoying the celebratory feast their matron had arranged for them. Blaze spent time with his classmates until Siofra and Elyssa arrived later in the evening. 

The trio gathered around Blaze's couch throne and began a game of Chaken. Siofra was one of the few in his age group that still posed a challenge to him, and Elyssa was still better than him. 

However, Siofra seemed to be a little down. She had not been thrilled to hear that he was not joining her for the special training sessions. 

"Don't worry, Siof. Send me a message if anyone bullies you at the training sessions. I'll fly back and beat 'em up," he told her, moving his infantry card pretending to be cavalry, and placing a bet on it. 

Siofra immediately called his bet and moved her cavalry on him. "I can take care of myself. It's just that I will miss having someone who actually likes me," she told him, smugly revealing his card. Cavalry beat infantry, lost to artillery and drew against light cavalry. 

"Oh no!" Elyssa cried. Her moves and tactics were always solid, but she couldn't account for other angels' actions, especially when they were not as good as her. The only time Blaze could beat her was if he could eliminate her before they were the only two players left. 

"Hehehe," Blaze sniggered, as he used the vacuum created by Siofra's cavalry to move his artillery pretending to be infantry into Elyssa's territory and bombard her troops. "I am sure you can, Siof. But that wouldn't stop me from meddling, would it? You signed the deed when you agreed to be my friend." 

"Yep, so did I," Elyssa agreed, sharing her misery with Siofra. Her light cavalry couldn't get to Blaze's artillery while defending against his infantry pretending to be artillery on the other side of her territory. She could already see him kill her light cavalry on the next move, and then move his generals in. 

"I am sorry, Elyssa. I shall avenge you," Siofra told her valiantly. 

"Hehehehe," Blaze tittered again, after Elyssa sacrificed her light cavalry to survive another turn. "I only wanted her cavalry and light cavalry, Siof," he informed her. "I am coming for you." 

Robbed of her fast-moving pieces, Elyssa couldn't immediately move in to help, and Blaze rampaged on Siofra's lands. 

Troops could be bought with money, but one could only maintain a certain number at a time, and new troops took several turns before they could be added to the board. 

Blaze, who had made enough money on his bets against Elyssa's troops, made even more in Siofra's territory. The game simply snowballed into his eventual victory. 

Siofra and Elyssa ganged up on him the next game, purely out of spite. 

"Are you sure you want to miss the training camp?" Siofra asked him, as he pouted at them for booting him out first. 

"I am not," he answered honestly. 

"I think it's for the best, Blaze. Mum thinks aunty Jie Er is stronger than she lets on," Elyssa told them. Blaze hadn't told her that Jie Er was an archangel, but maybe Anastasia could tell. 

"Sure, but that doesn't necessarily make her a good coach. We're getting expert instructors from all over!" Siofra protested. 

"Let it go, Siof. It's decided," Blaze shook his head. Jie Er was a good teacher alright, but she wasn't the easiest of them. 

Later that night, Blaze and Elyssa shared a warm warm hug and quick peck on each other's cheeks. 

"Lemme kiss you too, Siof," Blaze said, turning to Siofra with puckered lips. 

"Eww. Go away," Siofra said, stepping back. 

"It's alright Siof. I am not your mother," Blaze said, inching towards her. It was easy to guess that Siofra's relationship with her mother was testy at best. 

Siofra immediately manifested her pixie wings and flew away with a shout of goodbye, while the other two laughed at her. 

"Don't forget to call me on the VP," Elyssa told him, giving him another hug. She was going off to train with her mum, so they had charged their VPs even before it was decided that Blaze would train with Jie Er. 

"I won't," he replied, before they split. 

oOo 

Blaze woke up before dawn the next morning and went to see Sky. The bird was a bit grumpy for being woken up at such an early hour. He seemed unaware that Blaze would be leaving him for three weeks. 

"Don't worry, Blaze. Tonya and I will take good care of him," Claudis said as Blaze took sat down and took the bird into his arms. "My daughter may not be happy about having a Quetzal right now, but I know her. She loves all animals. Besides, even Badava seems to have taken a liking to Sky," she reassured him, brushing Gyrill's mane. Claudis' Pegasus was an early riser, just like her owner. 

Blaze nodded glumly. He knew that Claudis would take good care of Sky, but he still felt bad about leaving. 

He sat with Sky until the sun began to peep over the horizon. Vowing to train as hard as he could, Blaze put Sky back in his coop and got up. The bird gave him a sleepy, droning squawk before going back to sleep. 

Blaze kissed Claudis goodbye and went to the carriages waiting for students. Siofra came to see him off and after he was done saying goodbye to his other classmates, she let him hug her. He quickly sneaked in a kiss on her cheek before he pulled away. 

"Our score is 11-9," he reminded her, climbing up the wooden steps of the carriage and pausing at the doorway to look at her. 

"We shall make it even when you get back," Siofra told him. 

*** 

When Blaze reached Varan, he found Agatha waiting for him at the town square, instead of Jie Er or Rebecca. 

"What are you doing here?" Blaze asked, skipping towards her. 

"I am taking you out to lunch. Jie Er knows," she answered with a smile, giving him her hand. 

"Oh?" Blaze replied as he let her lead him. <em>If you wanted a romp, you could've just asked me. No need for lunch.</em> 

Agatha was one of the first angels he had come to <em>know</em> well, and he'd always had a soft corner for her. He hadn't spent much time with her since he began to attend Tir. 

Several of the townsfolk waved and shouted at him as the two made their way to The Parrot's Tail. Someone even cursed the Malakim for him. Blaze had always liked the bread biscuits and gravy at The Parrot's Tail, and was currently craving some. 

"You will get fat if you eat too much of that," Agatha laughed, as Blaze wolfed down his food. The bread was airy crisp and easily soaked up the thick, buttery gravy. It melted in his mouth and Blaze couldn't help but shove more in. Agatha had chosen a light meal of sautÃ©ed fowl and rice. 

"I've yet to see a fat angel," Blaze replied with a full mouth. It was true. The fattest angel he had met was his Literature teacher, and she was curvy at worst. 

"What do you mean? There are a lot of fat angels. I've been putting on weight recently," she said poking at her food. 

Blaze gawped at her. He couldn't see any extra weight on her. <em>Angels must have a different definition of fat.</em> 

"Don't tell her I said this," Agatha whispered, "but over the years, Jie Er has gotten pretty fat over here," she said, pointing at her breasts. "They were only as big as mine when we first met. That was over fifty years ago, though," she said nostalgically. 

<em>If that's how Jie Er got fat, she can eat all she wants.</em> 

"But I guess you do need some fat over there," Agatha continued after a moment. 

Blaze wisely chose to stop eating at that point. "What's this about, aunty?" he finally asked. He got the impression that Agatha wanted to ask him something. 

"Blaze Er," her voice suddenly turned serious, "do you want to get into business with me?" 

"Huh?" <em>Pimping?</em> 

"I've already spoken with Jie Er about it. She said we could do whatever you want, as long as you're properly compensated." 

"Okay... But what are we doing business in?" <em>I ain't gonna be no heavenly gigolo!</em> 

"You know about the sister I have in Puhar, right?" 

"Yeah. The one you don't really like," Blaze replied. 

"Yes, but Medina's got an excellent sense for business. She saw your picture in the Aranyan weekly and remembered the clothes I made for you whilst I was visiting her last time. She thinks they will be a huge hit and wants to produce them in bulk. She already has a silk merchant lined up to provide the raw materials and the workforce," she explained. 

"Aunt Aggie, most angles think my clothes are a old-fashioned. I only wear them cause they are comfortable and not too revealing," he explained to her. Elyssa was the only angel to ever like his clothes. Even Rachel thought his clothes were too boring. 

"That's the thing, Blaze. Fashion is somewhat cyclical. Revealing clothing is going out of trend." 

<em>Goddamn! NO!</em> Blaze screamed internally. 

"And when people tire of impractical clothes, comfort becomes a priority. That's where you come in. People have seen you and what you wear. If we market it right, a lot of young angels may buy our clothes just to emulate you. Once they get used to the comfort, they will be back for more. We will create and capture the market!" Agatha said, waving her hands excitedly. 

"So, where do I come in? You want me to be a brand ambassador or something?" Blaze asked with uncertainty. He really didn't want any more attention. 

"Exactly! But we don't even want you to advertise for us until the tournament. I know how much you and Jie Er dislike publicity. All we want for now is to borrow your name. 'Blazing Fury' will be our logo. Even during the tournament, we shall only ask you to wear our clothes when you appear in public. 

"Once Aranyans see you fighting while wearing our logo, they will go crazy over our merchandise. If you agree, you will get a flat ten percent of our profits. More, if Jie Er decides to invest. She will have access to our capital," Agatha elaborated with a hopeful look in her eyes. 

"What's your initial planned capital?" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Thirty thousand aur, at least. Maybe fifty, and that's because we're starting small. We are still raising funds," Agatha answered. 

"Oh wow! You really want to do this, huh?" he asked, eyes wide. 30,000 aur was roughly equivalent to six hundred thousand dollars. Agatha nodded. "Okay, count me in, but I want to own 1% of the company in addition to everything else. This is all I have, though," he said, producing the hundred and fifty aur he had saved from the pocket money Jie Er gave him. He wasn't a big spender and Elyssa always bought their meals whenever they went out at Tir. 

"Done!" Agatha said, leaning from the opposite end of the table to plant a kiss on Blaze's forehead. She did not hesitate to take his money. Business needed money. 

"But I think you should change the name to 'The Blazing Furies', instead," he said after she sat down again. 

"Uh? Why?" 

"That way, it could become a group thing, something everyone can be a part of," he explained, "We already have a playful group with that name in my class; one of my classmates even made an insignia of sorts. I just never thought we'd do something with it," he said, remembering the time he and Aahna had decided on making The Blazing Furies. 

"Oh! That makes sense. Let me discuss it with my sister and her supplier. I can't make that decision on my own," Agatha said contemplatively. 

"Up to you. It was just a thought," Blaze shrugged his shoulders. "I may also have someone who may be able to help with the posher side of the market. She may seem a little airy, but she is actually quite smart," Blaze said, thinking of Astrid. 

"Oh? Who is she?" 

"She's a young countess and a friend." 

"Nobility, eh? Get me in touch with her," Agatha said, happy that Blaze was turning out to be more useful than she had expected. 

They discussed their business venture a little more before finishing their meal. 

Agatha was going to accompany Blaze and Jie Er on their carriage ride the next day. Puhar was apparently on the way to wherever Jie Er had been planning to take Blaze for training. Blaze was excited when he heard about it. Puhar was to the west, and to the west were the mountains. 

*** 

"Aunt Aggie? Do you need me to do some research and give you an expert opinion on whether you're putting on weight?" Blaze asked, as they stepped out of the restaurant. 

Agatha was confused for a moment, before light dawned in her eyes. "Yes, I was thinking along the same lines. Why don't we go back to my store and do this research?" she grinned at him. Blaze grinned right back. 

When they reached her store, Agatha hustled him inside and shut the door behind them, leaving the closed sign as it was. She hurried him to her desk and swept her stuff off the table before climbing on. 

Blaze wasted no time in tearing off her clothes and reached for the emerald ornament that held her hair in a high ponytail. Agatha stopped his hand with hers, before removing the bauble and shaking her head to splay her hair about over her naked back. 

"It pulls my hair if I don't do it right," she explained, putting the ornament over her hand, and bringing him onto herself and over the table. Taking his member into her hand, she inserted him inside herself and wrapped her legs around him. 

Placing his arms against her sides, Blaze fucked her on the desk as she screamed his name loud enough for anyone passing by her shop to hear, and then fucked her some more until she came in a quivering mess. 

Then, he took her to the mirror room, lay her on the floor and did her sideways, while she watched him in the mirrors as he thrust into her from behind. It was only after Agatha came multiple times and couldn't go on anymore that he chose to let go, flooding her with his warmth and energy. 

"I think we can go another two months before I start craving for more," Agatha said to him weakly, as he stood up after a few moments of holding each other. He hoped she meant it in a good way. 

"Aunt Aggy, I think you are in pretty good shape," he told her, watching her long legs that were sprawled sideways, with his cum sluggishly dribbling out of the hole he had left gaping. 

Agatha raised a tired brow at him. 

"I've only seen Rebecca last longer than you did, and she's in the army," he explained. 

Agatha gave him a wry grin. "I need to take you home but need some time to recover. Could you be a dear and watch the shop for me?" 

"I can go home by myself." 

"No. I promised Jie Er." 

Blaze didn't bother to argue and kept an eye on her store until she was ready to take him home. Agatha dropped Blaze at Jie Er's cottage and spoke with Jie Er for little while before she left, promising to bring their cab to pick them up the next morning. 

*** 

"So, we will be in Puhar for the next three weeks?" Blaze asked Jie Er while they lounged in their living room with Rebecca. Splash ran around the couch excitedly. She could smell Sky on his clothes and was running around looking for the absent bird. It tugged at Blaze's heart. 

"Not exactly. We will be camping out most of the time, probably at the base of Mt. Raivataka. We shall head there as soon as we drop Aggy off at Puhar. Just have to meet someone before we do," Jie Er answered. She seemed to have already planned out the entire trip. 

"And leave me all alone for the next three weeks!" Rebecca complained, before Blaze could ask who they were meeting. "I guess I'll still have Splash," she said, looking at the otter. Hearing her name spoken out, Splash jumped onto Rebecca's lap for a quick cuddle. 

"Puhar is real close to the TriSaw ridge too, but it isn't our battalion's turn to man the ridge yet. I can't abandon my platoon, and I couldn't find a good enough reason to ask for a one-time transfer," she continued glumly. 

"I am sorry, Becky. I am sure we'll be back before you know it," Blaze consoled her. "Besides, you'll have the house to yourself for a while, and you can always invite Rin and Lin over if you get too lonely. I am sure they've begun to appreciate your <em>talents</em>," he said to her with a smirk. Rebecca had the decency to blush at his words. 

"Are you investing in Agatha's business, aunty?" he asked Jie Er after a while. 

"Maybe a few hundred aur. I have my own business to take care of," she told him. 

Later that evening, Jie Er began to fuss about in the kitchen, going over all the things they may need over the next three weeks. She didn't seem to care for his help, so Blaze simply kept Rebecca company in the living room. 

"You lucky brat!" she whispered to him. "You'll be spending some nice alone time with Jie Er, sweating away and training on some scenic mountain!" she said, looking at Jie Er's form. Blaze had learned within the first few days of meeting her that Rebecca's appetite for doing "it" was not any weaker than his. 

"Somehow, I don't think it will be as much fun as you make it out to be," Blaze shook his head, skeptically. 

"I suppose not," she said, noticing Jie Er tick down multiple lists. "Well, it's been nice knowing ya. I won't blame you if you decide to run away. Just don't forget to write," she said, patting him on the head. 

"If something happens to me, I will make sure to come back and haunt you," he said, pushing away her hand. 

"If that's a possibility, we need to start early tonight. I will take all I can get from you," she grinned at him. "Jie Er! He's mine tonight. I will make sure he sleeps early though," she called out, taking his hand and leading him to her bedroom. 

Blaze gulped but followed her in anyway. Instead of pushing him down on the bed, however, she made him sit down and pulled out a bill of exchange from her space ring. 

It was for ten thousand aur to be invested in Agatha's new venture and it listed the terms and conditions. Rebecca and Jie Er were named as the co-owners of the deed. It could only be drawn once the company was started and Rebecca and Jie Er were made co-founders of the company with stock equivalent to the initial capital. 

"Aunt Becky! Where did you get all this money?!" Blaze exclaimed, once he went over it. 

"I sold my house, remember?" 

"But this looks like all your savings! It's too risky," he cried out in protest. 

"Don't worry. I still have a few thousand aur saved. Besides, I've got a really good feeling about this. I know what I am doing," she reassured him. 

Blaze didn't bother to push it further. He too had a really good feeling about the business and didn't really know how to persuade her otherwise. 

"Keep it a secret from Jie Er and try to give it to Agatha when she's not looking," she told him after a moment. 

"But then why is Jie Er listed as a co-owner?" 

"Because she doesn't know about it. It's my money, but I want to do this for her... because I intend to stay here for a long time," she told him, softly. 

Blaze somewhat understood what was going on, so he silently nodded and put the deed into his space ring. 

"Are you sure?" he asked, again. 

"Yes! Now, let's get down to the fun stuff," she said pulling him into onto herself. 

For the next couple of hours, they did <em>fun</em> stuff before they fell onto the bed, exhausted and satiated, with both of Rebecca's lower entrances leaking with their combined fluids. She seemed to have learned new positions that Blaze had only heard of before. 

She quickly put Blaze's Txiki needle into her space ring, before she pulled him into her naked breasts. "I think I will need this more than you or Jie Er," she told him, before they fell asleep. 

oOo 

Agatha arrived with their hired carriage early the next morning. Their driver was an older angel, who didn't seem to care much for conversation. Rebecca saw the two angels out and stood watching them leave, with Splash in her arms. 

The Pegasi drawing their carriage were a special breed that could soar long distances without taking a break. The carriage gained elevation until it reached six thousand feet, before the Pegasi began to head north-west, using a steady tailwind to their advantage. 

A couple of hours before they reached Puhar, Blaze began to spot the distant snow-capped peaks of the Meru mountain range of Aranya, cutting north-west along the land with peaks resembling the serrated edges of a knife. 

Slightly to the south-west of the range was Mt. Olympus, the tallest mountain of Azra-El. It wasn't visible from where they were, but Blaze had seen pictures of its bare rocky peak piercing the sky through a white carpet of clouds that surrounded its waist. It was said to be 3.5 yonders high, almost twice as high as Mt. Everest on Earth. Most angels could only fly up to a height of one yonder, so there were very few who had ever been to the top of the mountain. 

The land beneath them began to change as they flew on. The slow rise in elevation turned the vegetation into grasslands, with pine forests filling the valleys where rainfall accrued both in the summer and winter. The colors of the land changed from green to yellow and then to a deep, dark green. Blaze leaned his face against the glass window and gazed at the changing landscape. 

Suddenly, he spotted another carriage coming up from behind them. Three Pegasi in a triangular formation pulled the carriage, and it was not only faster than their own, but also much classier. Elaborate bronze carvings decorated the exteriors while its wheels were made of solid rubber, a rarity in the pre-industrial Heavenly Union. 

Blaze watched it as it approached, glancing at its windows and wondering who he would find behind them. And then, he spotted those eyes. Oh, those big purple eyes with their dark, winged eyeliner. He could never mistake them, even if he may have forgotten about them. 

Her eyes gazed at the lands below just as he had been, lost in thought and unaware of him or their carriage. Blaze however, got lost in her eyes. She wasn't wearing a veil like the previous time, but the only thing he could <em>see</em> were her eyes. 

His heart seemed to pause as he watched her with unwavering focus. The carriage slowly overtook them, and before he realized it, the eyes were out of sight. Unthinking, he opened the carriage door and stepped out, scaring the Hela out of Jie Er and Agatha, who were conversing on the opposite seat of the carriage. 

He plummeted a good five hundred feet before he remembered to materialize his wings. It took him another couple of hundred to slow down and come to a hover. His carriage came to a whooshing halt while the other one quickly disappeared out of sight. 

<em>I think I saw her hair. It was auburn, or was it blonde?</em> He wondered, though it could've just been an illusion of the light of the setting sun streaming through her carriage windows. 

"What in the name of Xihe are you doing?" Jie Er shouted at him, as she and Agatha flew down to him. The carriage and the Pegasi simply hovered in midair. 

"Er... I thought I saw someone I knew in that carriage," he said dumbly, pointing in the direction of the other carriage. 

"And you simply step out of a moving vehicle? Thankfully, we were cruising at a good altitude," Jie Er chided him. 

"I am sorry, aunty. I guess I wasn't thinking..." 

"You seem to be doing a lot of that lately," Jie Er commented, shaking her head and seemingly coming to some decision. Taking his arm, she brought him back to the carriage. 

*** 

Puhar was a mining town to the south-west of the TriSaw ridge and was home to Aranya's largest energy stone mine. Numerous streams from the mountains flowed through the surrounding grasslands and a larger river flowed along the southern border of the town, all of them trying to get to the Purple Sea. Logs and big floating containers of mined materials floated down along the river. 

The town was unlike Varan; most of the angels seemed to be either miners or merchants. Despite the abundance of water, farming was not a primary occupation and people survived mostly off forest produce, raw materials, and trading. 

The miners were gritty and grimy, but their clothes were skimpy, which alone would have usually grabbed Blaze's attention. However, his mind was currently occupied by thoughts of Lynn, the girl in the carriage. It was the name she had given him when she dropped in on him at Saket, while he was trying on his Txiki costume. 

Jie Er and Blaze dropped Agatha off at the town square. Blaze took her aside for a moment to hand over Rebecca's deed. He gave her a quick but clear explanation before they returned to Jie Er, with the deed inside Agatha's space ring. 

Agatha's soon waved them goodbye, promising to travel back with them if she was still around when Blaze's training was finished. 

Once again, the carriage headed north-west, traveling ten yonders before Jie Er called out to the driver. It started descending towards a small grassy knoll. 

A small stream from the mountains curved around the hillock which was encircled by a row of pine trees. Hidden away from view behind the hillock was a brick house with two massive smoking chimneys and a few smaller ones jutting out of its roof. 

<em>Who the hell lives so far away from the town and what's cooking?</em> Blaze thought, forgetting that they themselves weren't any different. 

The carriage descended on the other side of the stream. Jie Er thanked the driver and the two angels waited for the carriage to leave before they crossed over and landed within the fenced area of the house. 

Most angels loved gardening and had small herb gardens outside their houses. Whoever lived here, however, did not seem to care much for shrubbery. There were a couple of pine trees scattered around but most of the front yard was littered with stockpiles of wood, metals, and weapons. A couple of thick pipes ran from the stream and up the house into a large tank on the terrace. 

The house was made of unpainted brick and lacked any decorations, except for the massive open windows that seemed to suck in air from the surroundings. A persistent and rhythmic ring of metal emanated from the inside. 

The front door opened and a tall, lean angel, taller than even Jie Er, stepped out to meet them. A voluminous mass of braided golden blonde hair trailed behind her, reaching her ankles. She had sparkling turquoise eyes and plump red lips that were currently pursed. Her sharp, golden eyebrows seemed to be perpetually angled into a serious expression. Soot and char marked her otherwise white skin lightly tanned by the smithy's heat. 

"What do you want?" she asked them gruffly, while Blaze admired her form. The hide skirt and tight hide bra accentuated her fulsome assets and reminded him of a sexy bandit from a game he used to love. She seemed a little younger than Jie Er. 

"We are here for Valinna Strom. Is she here?" Jie Er asked, surprising Blaze. Valinna was one the best blacksmiths in the HU. The spear Elyssa had bought at Cali's auction had been made by her. 

"My master is disinclined towards visitors. If you have an order or a job, I can consider it. I will offer you an approximate quote or I can show you some premade items. We aren't accepting any special requests or designs due to a long backlog," she gave them a practiced, unemotional reply. 

"Tell her Jie Er is here to collect on her favor. We will wait," Jie Er told her resolutely. 

The angel raised a questioning brow but did not bother to prolong their conversation. She gave her an imperceptible nod and headed back inside. 

"Why are we meeting a famous blacksmith?" Blaze asked the first of many questions that arose in his mind. 

"You will understand soon enough." 

"How do you know her?" 

"She is an old acquaintance." 

Realizing that Jie Er wasn't feeling particularly forthcoming, he fell silent. The clanging of metal stopped after a few minutes, and the angel returned. 

"She will see you," she said, opening the front door. 

A thick, sharp smell of coal dust and molten metal hit them as they stepped into the workshop. Crafting tables, burning stone forges, slack tubs full of water, and a multitude of tools and weapons lay scattered around the cement flooring marred by chars and solidified drops of molten metal. 

They made their way through the workshop and a corridor connecting four rooms, two on either side. On the other side of the corridor was a smaller workshop with an enormous forge and the largest chimney of the house. 

The searing heat and bright glow from the forge temporarily blurred Blaze's vision, while the increased intensity of the sharp smell began to burn the inside of his nostrils. 

"Jie Er, I've thought of you recently," said the angel standing beside the forge, while Blaze tried to focus his eyes on her. Her voice was deep and gravelly, eroded by years of being exposed to coal dust. 

Valinna Strom was burly for an angel. She wasn't extremely tall, but her shoulders were broad and her arms muscular. A loose hide-skin skirt reaching her knees covered her lower half, but her torso was topless. What Blaze had initially thought to be a tight-fitting half-jacket turned out to be tattoos. 

Long interlocking green vines spread across her arms and upper chest, connecting an array of colorful flowers. Her breasts pair of firm and creamy white balls with tiny pink nipples and small areolae, untouched by tattoos. Blaze couldn't keep his eyes off them. 

Right under her breasts and etched on her upper abs were a pair of tattooed maroon wings, hugging the curve of her under-boob. Her six-pack diminished the curvature of her waist and hips. 

"You have?" Jie Er asked, curious over Valinna's words. 

"Blaze Er Lokra," Valinna stated, waving her hand towards Blaze. "There was a good chance she was yours," she said after a moment, a smile finally sprouting on her thick brown lips. Her shoulder-length pale blonde hair was swept back in a casual fashion with the help of a discolored hair band. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Jie Er nodded in response and Blaze observed the smith through his anga. Though she appeared younger than Aurnia, Rebecca's mother, her energy signature indicated that she was at least three hundred years old. 

"I can't believe that it's been so long that you have already grown up and have a child of your own," she spoke, nostalgia setting in her eyes. She seemed neither happy nor sad about Jie Er's presence. "Thyra, meet Jie Er Lokra and her daughter, the Blazing Fury," she said to her somewhat-confused apprentice. Turning back to them, she continued, "Thyra is my apprentice, and the one I am passing my skill and knowledge on to." 

Only a tiny flash of surprise passed over Thyra's face, before she nodded at them in acknowledgement. 

"So, why are you here?" Valinna exhaled after a moment. 

"I need to know what weapon Nikolett Lovag will use in the tournament," Jie Er asked her without any buildup. "There is a good chance you are the one making it," she added with a wry smile. 

Valinna tsked in disapproval. "The favor I granted you was for making a weapon or an armor. You seriously don't expect me to divulge information about a client, do you?" she said, walking to a nearby table and picking up a bardiche axe head. "Thyra, how do you think we should balance the weight of a bardiche with an extra-long axe head?" 

Thyra chose not to respond. 

"I guess that means you will be making a weapon for Blaze Er?" Jie Er grinned at the older angel. 

"You- you're a tiresome angel, Jie Er," Valinna sighed in exasperation. 

"I learned it from your daughter," Jie Er quipped back. 

The longing look of nostalgia returned to Valinna's cloudy brown eyes. "You might've... and I guess she would've acted the same." 

"She would've," Jie Er replied sadly. 

"So, what kind of a weapon are you looking for, young Blaze?" she asked, giving him a once-over. A kind smile that she did not reserve for Jie Er sprouted on her face. Jie Er seemed to be surprised by it. 

"We are not sure yet. We might not even want one anytime soon," Jie Er replied in his stead. 

"What do you mean you're not sure? The tournament is... in nine months!" she said, counting the months on her fingers. 

"Blaze is currently trying to be a jack of all trades, and I am teaching her to be one. I think it is her best shot at performing well in the tournament. There is hardly a point in making her a specialized weapon before considering a long-term option," Jie Er explained. 

"I see..." Valinna pondered over Jie Er's words. She gazed at Blaze and her smile suddenly turned dangerous. He felt a chill run up his spine. 

Gripping the back of the bardiche head she slowly walked up to him and Jie Er made no move to stop her. Valinna's eyes sported a mad light as she swung the blade down at him. Her breasts trembled as she put her weight into the swing. 

Blaze only had half a second to dodge to his right and get into her guard. Instinct kicked in as he placed a protective arm against Valinna's right arm and swung his fist into her ribs. It made solid contact, but the older smith weathered it without as much as a grunt or a wince of pain, making Blaze doubt his own strength. 

"That is the instinct of a closeup fighter," Valinna said as the madness in her eyes abated, and her smile turned friendly once again. She placed her free hand on his head and ruffled his hair. Still wary of the axe head in her hand, Blaze controlled the urge to place his hand on her boob and squeeze it in reply. 

"Thyra," she said, turning to her apprentice. "I think we have someone who can promote your new design." 

<em>Sigh! You get a lil' famous and everybody wants to 'advertise' with ya.</em> 

For the first time during their conversation, Thyra seemed genuinely interested. "You think she can bring out their effectiveness?" 

"She is as good a bet as any." 

"What are you talking about?" Jie Er asked. 

"Gauntlets, my girl. You're allowed to carry three pieces of equipment in the tournament, and gauntlets count as two. But I believe these ones will be worth it. Thyra will make them for free, as long as you promise to promote her work. They should do it themselves, if you use them right," Valinna replied. 

Jie Er looked unsure. It wasn't that she thought that gauntlets were ineffective, she just doubted their utility over a shield and an extra weapon.Moreover, gauntlets were not very useful once an angel became more powerful. 

"You don't have to use them if you don't think they are worth your while and I will still make you your damn weapon," Valinna offered. 

"Deal!" Jie Er agreed immediately. 

Valinna sighed in exasperation and turned to Thyra. "Take a cast of Blaze's hands and send them on their way," she told her apprentice. "Jie Er, I will send you a message when they are done. You can leave now. Your presence brings me melancholy that I do not wish to experience for too long," she finished, turning away. Her back was covered with a black tattoo of an anvil. 

Jie Er and Blaze uttered their thanks, and Thyra took them back to the larger workshop. 

Thyra applied a special oil on his hands and made him put his hands into a container of molten wax. As they silently waited for the wax cast to dry, Blaze studied Thyra's worktable a few feet away from them. 

Books, energy stones, and papers filled with drawings and designs filled the table. He tried to look for the design of his gauntlets, but the one paper which seemed to have such a drawing was mostly hidden under other sheets. However, he could spot the studded metallic fingers of the gauntlets. 

He looked at the apprentice with hopeful eyes, but Thyra simply stared him down with her unwavering frigid expression. It was hot, but it also made her seem completely unapproachable. Jie Er didn't even bother to strike up a conversation. 

Once the cast was completely dry, the apprentice let him slowly pull out. She made sure the cast was good before wordlessly leading them outside. 

"I do not have the materials yet, so the gauntlets may take a couple of months to be finished," she informed them before closing the door on their backs. 

"Where to now?" Blaze asked Jie Er, as they unfurled their wings. 

"See that mountain there?" Jie Er replied, pointing towards the west and the tallest mountain around. Its peak was covered in a blanket of snow and was surrounded by puffy white clouds. "That's Mt. Raivataka. We shall set up camp at its base. Training starts tomorrow." 

*** 

The sun had set by the time the two angels found a proper spot to set up camp. A rocky projection surrounded by coniferous trees provided them protection from the rain and hid them from prying eyes. A tiny stream flowed a few hundred feet on their right. 

"So..." Blaze began as he put up a tent, under the light of an energy stone lamp while Jie Er worked on building a campfire by a fallen tree they could sit on. "How do you know Valinna Storm and why does she seem to dislike you in particular?" he asked. 

"My mother and Valinna hated each other's guts, while Eva and I were like you and Elyssa. Eva was Valinna's only daughter. The last time I met Valinna was at her funeral. Eva had always pressed her to make me a weapon, so Valinna said that she would fulfil that wish of hers. I wasn't in need of a weapon then, so I told her that I would ask when I did," Jie Er told him somberly. 

"Aunty... I am so sorry. How did she die?" Blaze asked her solemnly. Jie Er's comparison to his friendship with Elyssa made it quite clear how much Eva had meant to her. 

"She joined the army," Jie Er replied curtly and fell silent. 

Blaze could guess why she wouldn't say more. If his guess was right, Eva wasn't the only one Jie Er had lost to the army. He had wanted to let Jie Er tell him by herself, but now seemed like an appropriate time to ask the question. "Are we related to Vida Veles Lokra?" he asked. 

Jie Er's eyes widened in surprise as she raised her head to look at him. "How did you know?" 

"She was on the list of YAMAT winners at the Academy. It also had a short passage about her. I guessed the rest. I didn't mean to pry..." 

"I don't mind, Blaze Er" she shook her head, her voice cracking and her eyes turning misty. "It's just that talking about her makes me a little emotional. She was an amazing mother and I loved her very much." 

"Being emotional is good, aunty. It can be cathartic, especially when someone is there for you. And you know I am here for you..." he told her sincerely. It was usually the other way around between him and Jie Er and he liked the change. "Tell me aunty, what was grandma like?" he asked her. He didn't like calling her that, but it seemed fine just this once. 

"She was a wonderful angel, Blaze Er. She wanted to do so much good, and she was righteous to a flaw. She came from a poor farming family in Angalnebo, so she understood the struggles of the common angels. She always wanted to do right by them. 

"She also loved the army and her soldiers. To her, they were like her own sisters and kids. She loved them all, and she loved me even more. She may have been harsh with me at times, but it was always for a reason and her results always turned out to be better than her reason. I can't recall a single incident from my childhood when I was disappointed with her," Jie Er continued, her words flowing as if a dam had burst inside her. 

"We were close, Blaze Er, and when she died, I lost my bearings for a little while. Then, I met Eva while attending the University of Bologna of the Caledonian Empire. Despite Eva being thirty years older, we became the best of friends. She was smart, talented, and had great dreams for herself and for the HU. But, like my mother, she decided she would start with the army. I didn't want her to go but she <em>had</em> to. She had the fearlessness of youth -- she thought she couldn't die! 

"But, die she did! In a way that did not befit her," she said emotionally - anger, frustration and betrayal evident in her expression. "In her first skirmish, a stray javelin hit her in the head when her body reinforcement was down. To this day, I regret not being by her side. Maybe I could've done something to protect her. Anything." 

Blaze finished pitching up the tent and went over to kneel behind Jie Er and hug her from behind. He placed his head over her shoulder and wrapped his arms around her neck. "You won't lose me, aunty," he whispered into her ear, pressing his cheek against hers. 

Jie Er placed a hand over his arm. "No, I won't," she told him resolutely. "And to make sure of that, I am going to beat the recklessness out of you." 

Blaze gulped at the fierceness in her voice. 

The two angels cooked a simple dinner of lentil soup over the campfire and ate it along with bread. They sat under the night sky for a little while, watching the stars and the moon, before they went into the tent. They fell asleep in each other's arms, under the soft comfort of their quilt. 

oOo 

"Wake up, Blaze Er," Jie Er's voice woke Blaze from his dreams the next morning. Under the quilt, Jie Er had her body pressed to his side, a leg and an arm draped over him. She kissed him on the lips and then between his eyes. "Wake up," she muttered in his ear. 

She gazed into his eyes as he groggily opened them, sneaking her hand down his stomach and into his shorts. His cock lurched under her touch and it did not take long to rise up in her hand. 

"Aunty..." he whispered. His drowsiness quickly disappeared as Jie Er began to gently stroke him. 

She kissed his forehead and his nose before pressing her soft wet lips against his. There was a hunger in her lips as she kissed him while voraciously seeking out his tongue. Their tongues met only for a moment before she imprisoned his tongue between her lips, sucking on it before releasing it from her grasp. 

She smooched his lips wetly and pulled back, while he savored her flavor. He had always relished her strawberry like taste, usually sweet but a little tangy at times. Quickly pulling his shorts down, she mounted him and pressed her stomach into his member. 

Gazing into his eyes, she slid back over his pelvis as her warm slit travelled along the length of his member. Blaze sucked in deeply, unable to take his eyes off the shift dangerously hanging over her breasts. 

Jie Er noticed his lustful gaze and grinned at him while leaning forwards temptingly. Unable to resist any longer, he pulled the offending shift down and Jie Er's pale white breasts spilled out like two massive squishy balls, perfectly curved like a teardrop sliding down her skin. Her nipples were small rosy pink bulbs over medium-sized pale pink areolae, fully aroused and waiting. 

Jie Er leaned in and brought her right breast to his mouth. She knew what he wanted, and she wanted it just as much, if not more. The heavy breast dangled over his face and Blaze wasted no time in closing his mouth around it, reaching for her other breast with his hand. 

Jie Er moaned as she felt his lips and tongue pluck at her nipple, while his warm and dry hand wrapped and dug into her skin, squishing and massaging her other breast. 

She pushed into him and began to grind her hips on his cock. She loved the way the cleft of her lips moved over his cock, electricity coursing through her body each time his tip bumped and went over her clit. 

Blaze wrapped his free hand around Jie Er's waist and pulled her close, as he continued to suckle on her breast like baby. After a couple of minutes, he switched to the other. 

Heat surged through his body as Jie Er continued to pleasure herself over his cock. His desire to be inside her became uncontainable. "Aunty..." he whimpered against her breast, "I need to put it in." 

His voice and the need in it made Jie Er cum. She hugged his face between her breasts and screamed, as her body spasmed and splashed her warmth all over his cock and groin. 

Unable to do anything else, Blaze wrapped his hand around her and humped his hips into her, hoping for sweet release; but he needed to be inside her. 

Jie Er body stopped shivering after a minute. As soon as her orgasm subsided, she rose up and pulled Blaze's shirt off him. She straddled his stomach and lined his prick against her wet hole. Looking into his eyes, she held his cock and gently slid down on it. 

She slowly went down on his length until their groins touched and Blaze felt his entirety wrapped and squeezed by her hot and wet hug. She saw the ecstasy in his eyes and leaned forwards to press her breasts into his face, placing her weight over him. 

"You can cum whenever you want," she whispered to him, and that drove him crazy. 

He hugged her waist in a vice-like grip and thrust his hips into her, while Jie Er moved her own in time with his thrusts, her butt colliding with his thighs in loud thwacks that resonated with the wet sounds of their sloppy insides. 

Blaze took her nipple into his mouth again as his thrusts turned into short, rapid juts. Heat and ecstasy enveloped his body as his pent-up arousal threatened to spill over. He held on as long as he could before grabbing Jie Er's pert ass and thrusting into her in one forceful burst. 

Jie Er felt stream after stream of forceful <em>energy</em> strike against her cervix, and for the first time, she was in a position to truly feel it; she was usually drowning in her own ecstasy to truly feel the sensation of him filling her up. She loved it. 

Once his orgasm subsided, she got off him and wordlessly cleaned him and herself up, before donning her streamlined training clothes. <em>I wouldn't mind starting every training session with this,</em> he thought as he watched her. 

"Wear your streamlined clothes and meet me outside," she told him, heading for the tent opening. 

Blaze sighed at the flap as it closed behind Jie Er. His <em>streamlined</em> clothing was a pair of skintight boyshorts and a tank top. He had learned to deal with it. 

Abruptly, Jie Er stuck her head through the flap. "Hope that was good, because we won't be doing it again until training is over," she told him seriously and went back out. 

Blaze hurriedly donned his clothes and went out to protest, finding Jie Er heating up some milk for their breakfast. 

The place they had chosen to camp was quite idyllic. Morning birds twittered from trees that cast flickering shadows over the angels and their campsite. A cold wind that wasn't entirely unpleasant blew down the mountain. The gurgle of a nearby stream, audible from where they were, filled their campsite with the music of nature. 

"Why?" Blaze asked Jie Er. "Wouldn't it be better to keep my head clear? You know how it can affect me..." 

"Training," Jie Er replied curtly. 

"Huh?" 

"You're smart Blaze Er, but you're impulsive and have been letting your emotions cloud your judgement. I didn't want to be harsh with you and thought that life would just teach you the necessary lessons, but it seems like I don't have that freedom. I don't want you to lose something that cannot be replaced. You're too talented for your own good," she said, shaking her head with a doleful smile. 

Blaze had the urge to remind her that he was an adult and that she wasn't his parent. However, he was damn sure that he would regret saying it. So, he chose his words a little more wisely. "Aunty... What if I lose control and hurt someone? Besides, how does this even help?" 

"It's fine if you lose control. It will be just us during the training. As for how it will help - if I can force you to make rational decisions even when you're about to lose your mind, you will be fine when you're overwhelmed by other emotions," she explained, pouring the hot milk into a bowl of cereal and handing it him. 

Blaze silently took his breakfast. Her reasoning had a mad logic to it, but it felt right. Even Yulia, his combat teacher, had told him he needed control over his emotions. But that didn't mean he was happy about it. 

He grumbled and began to eat his cereal. 

"Have you tested how high you can fly recently?" Jie Er asked him as he ate. 

"Not since we tested it out together." 

"Okay. It probably hasn't changed a great deal, but we will be trying to push your limit past twelve thousand feet. It will be a good exercise for strengthening you wings, lungs and anga," she said looking up the mountain. 

They were currently at three thousand feet above sea level, but despite the cold, there was no snow around them. However, the mountain was draped with a blanket of white at around four thousand feet from where they were. The two angels were on its windward side, and winds from the Purple Sea brought constant precipitation to the region. 

Blaze was excited about the snow. He had always loved playing in it and was disappointed when he learned that Aranya did not receive any snowfall. He really wanted to make a lewd snow-angel or two when he got the time. 

The mountain was beautiful, with massive glaciers that seemed to be in perpetual danger of slipping off but never did. Streams of ice-cold water plunged down its surface. 

Below the snow line, the mountain was covered in lush green vegetation and with the greenery came abundant wildlife: flying squirrels, gliding serpents that ate them, birds, mountain cats, and bears. A few poukai circled around mountain, hunting for the gliding serpents. 

After their breakfast, Jie Er made Blaze do a few stretching exercises before bringing out a pair of familiar harnesses. Blaze eyed them with distaste. He knew what they meant -- Jie Er was gonna work his ass until his wings collapsed. 

He wordlessly took the harness, and they helped each other with their straps. Jie Er connected him to herself before they manifested their wings and took to the sky. 

There were two main limits for high-flying angels: oxygen density and world energy. Though the angels were hatched to fly, they had the lungs of a mammal, which were not equipped to breathe at heights. Angels could survive at heights of more than twenty thousand feet, but no normal angel could sustain flight at that height. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
World energy was hypothesized to be everywhere, but angels found it difficult to take it in or process it at higher altitudes. 

These two factors put the average height an adult angel could sustain flight at between 12,000-15,000 feet. Archangels and deities could fly higher. 

As they slowly made their way up the mountain, using an upward draft to help them along, Blaze watched the flying squirrels buzz around the treetops like bees. 

He spotted a gliding serpent shoot off a tree branch and snatch a squirrel in mid-air, but right at that moment, a poukai dropped down from the sky like a missile, grabbing the snake in its talons. 

The squirrel escaped the snake's maw as it attempted to snap at the bird's feet and get free. Its efforts proved futile as another poukai joined the first and tore the snake in two. 

Blaze hated snakes and anything else that slithered, but he felt sorry for the creature -- it was a gruesome way to go. <em>The circle of life is unavoidable even in the land of angels.</em> 

However, philosophy was quickly pushed out of Blaze's mind as they hit the cotton-candy white of the clouds. One of the most enchanting yet unnerving experiences for an angel was to fly through clouds. Gliding through the beautiful, fluid mists that seemed so material yet parted at the simplest of movements was enthralling, but could make anyone lose their sense of direction. Without a three-dimensional reference frame, it was easy to feel perpetually trapped in the swirling fog. 

However, Jie Er and Blaze shot straight up and passed the layer of clouds. Blaze slowly began to feel the stress on his lungs. His angel body had spent most of its life at sea level and the sudden change in altitude began to make him feel woozy. He still had the energy to fly but something made him decide to not go on any further. 

"Aunty!" he shouted to the angel flying above him, "I don't feel so good." 

Jie Er gave him one look and swooped down to catch him in her arms, descending onto the snowy mountainside. 

"Oh shit!" Blaze cursed and fell to his knees. He crawled away from her, before blemishing the pristine snow with his breakfast. 

"Altitude sickness," Jie Er told him, kneeling beside him and rubbing his back and belly. Blaze threw up again. "Well, now you know what happens if you fly up too fast," she told him. Blaze gave her a dirty look, before throwing up again. 

Jie Er brewed him some tea on an energy stone kettle as he tried to recover from the head spinning, stomach lurching, and the general sense of nausea. 

As soon as the hot herbal concoction hit his stomach however, he started to feel better. 

"I guess this is a good height for your workout," she told him, watching his pallor return to normal. 

Blaze groaned. 

*** 

For the next hour or so, Jie Er made him fly around the mountain at a good <em>swift</em> pace, until he couldn't fly anymore. His wings didn't collapse out of existence and he wasn't completely drained of energy, but his body and lungs just couldn't take it anymore. 

He fell to his knees as he landed and began panting. 

"Take a half-hour break. Watch out for arctot. They are the only land creatures that may appear at these heights. They are usually docile, and you'll hear them come from a mile away. I'll be back," Jie Er told him, unhooking the rope connecting them. 

"Wait! Where are you going?" he cried out as Jie Er bent her knees to jump into the air. 

"You're not the only one who needs training. My arch-wings are becoming useable," she said, manifesting her second pair. They were not as grey as before, and the number of diseased spots were reduced by a half. 

"Oh!" Blaze exclaimed dumbly. 

Jie Er gave him a smile and took off. 

Blaze looked around for a proper place to lay his sleeping bag and spotted a rocky surface jutting out of the snow. As he walked across the empty land, blanketed only by snow, he felt that there was something pleasant about the place. Even his emotions had an echo in so much space. 

Once he reached the rock, he pulled out his sleeping bag from his space ring and weakly crawled under it. Curling up in its warmth, he fell asleep within a few moments. 

Exactly thirty minutes later, Jie Er came back to wake him up. 

"How high up were you flying?" he asked, noticing that she seemed a little worn out. 

"Maybe around sixteen thousand feet. I was taking it a little easy. Pack up, let's go," she replied. 

Blaze sucked a breath in amazement. Only archangels could fly that high, and Jie Er's arch wings weren't even completely healed. 

"What are we going to do now?" he asked, rolling up the sleeping bag and putting it back in the ring. 

"Same thing," she said, hooking the rope back onto her harness. 

They repeated the exercise a few hundred feet higher than before. Jie Er once again left him to take a nap before coming back a half hour later. Then they did it again, and this continued until the afternoon, when Blaze's wings finally gave out and disappeared. 

Jie Er, as usual, caught him before the rope went taut. She held him in her arms and flew back to their camp at the base of the mountain. 

"You have an amazing energy stamina. I didn't last three hours when my mother did it to me the first time," Jie Er praised him on their way back. 

"I thought she was a nice lady," Blaze told her sarcastically. 

"Mom was," Jie Er answered and he gave her a disbelieving snort. 

*** 

"Heat up some vegetable broth. I will go get something good to go with it," Jie Er told him, leaving Blaze at the camp. 

Blaze started the campfire before heading to the nearby stream to collect water. As he lifted the cooking pot out of the stream, he heard something massive tumble out of the woods and come to a stop a few feet away from him. 

For a moment, the only thing he heard was the babbling stream and the heavy breath of the creature. 

"Holy Hela's Butt!" he cursed, dropping the pail and stepping back in fear. He immediately tried to manifest his wings, but they wouldn't materialize. <em>Shit.</em> 

In front of him stood an arctot, larger than the Xenodon he had met when he rescued Sky. It was a great lumbering beast, fifteen feet long and eight feet tall. A voluminous grey coat of fur with a black underbelly covered its skin. Except for the two bull like horns on its head, it otherwise looked like a bear. 

The creature eyed him distrustfully, as if considering its options. Finally, it gave him a snort, which came out as a great plume of steam, and bent its head to the running water. It sloppily lapped up great mouthfuls before it was satisfied. Shooting another gaze at Blaze, the arctot snorted at him once more before rambling back into the trees. 

Blaze's heart pounded in his chest. He thought of calling out for Jie Er but was afraid he might provoke the beast into coming back. Instead, he quickly collected his water and hurried back to their campsite. 

He sat there quietly and warily as he brought the water to a boil without adding the broth powder, afraid the smell may bring back the bear. 

Relief flooded him when Jie Er swooped down fifteen minutes later. 

"What's wrong?" she asked, immediately noticing his anxiety. 

"I saw an arctot by the stream and it saw me too." 

"Oh," Jie Er said in comprehension. "Did it want to eat you?" 

"No, it just drank some water and left. But it could've easily eaten me! How could you leave me here without my wings?!" he yelled. 

"Oh, you were fine!" Jie Er told him. "Arctots don't care much for angels, unless you mess around with them or intrude upon their caves. Besides, I think you're fast enough to at least dodge its strikes until I find you. It would've been good practice," she told him carefreely. 

Blaze wanted to tell her that she was a mean old coot, but then he noticed the things in her hands. Two dead gliding serpents dangled from each of her hands. "What the heck are you doing with those?!" he screeched. 

"Saraph! They are really good for your body and for building muscle. Lots of nutrients and energy," she told him, cheerily. 

"There is no way I'm touching those. I hate snakes!" he declared. 

"Have you tried them somewhere?" 

"No, but they are creepy." 

"Then you should try them," she said, sitting down opposite him. She quickly chopped off their heads, peeled off their skin, and chopped them into little pieces, before dumping them in the boiling water. She added some herbs and broth powder before letting it cook. 

Once cooked, she served the stew in a bowl and handed it to Blaze along with a piece of bread. 

Doubtfully eyeing the meat, Blaze poked at it with his fork. It didn't feel slimy like he expected. Stabbing it with his fork, he put it in his mouth. Surprisingly, it tasted like chicken. 

His stomach suddenly growled with hunger he did not realize he had, and he quickly devoured his food. Seeing his newfound enthusiasm, Jie Er served him more, giving him most of the saraph meat and leaving herself only a few pieces. 

Blaze didn't bother to protest and finished the meal before taking another small nap. He knew he would need it. 

*** 

By mid-afternoon, Blaze and Jie Er were back over the snowy part of the mountain. 

"There are two types of angels who usually do well in the tournaments: geniuses and those with extraordinary willpower," she told him, as they hovered in mid-air. "And no, being willful is not the same as having strength of will," she added, noticing the smug look that sprouted on his face. It quickly disappeared. 

"It takes an immense amount of determination, struggle, and hard work for those of moderate talent to overcome their shortcomings," she continued. "Failure is not uncommon and when they fail, they only come back stronger. Failure is not an end, and they know how to persevere when things look bleak. 

"Geniuses on the other hand, are not used to being defeated. Everything is effortless and what seems like normal effort is hard work for them. Thus, they are not equipped with the character or diligence required to face a true challenge. 

"You, Blaze Er, are a genius. Here on Azra-El and most likely on your other world as well. At least, I don't think you had to struggle for anything or experience true failure. You are afraid of losing Sky, but I don't think you've truly considered the possibility of losing to Nikolett." 

"How would you know?" Blaze grumbled. It was true. He may not have been a child prodigy, but he never really had to struggle at anything. School was a piece of cake, he was a natural at sport, and he was born to a wealthy, middle-class family. The only trouble he ever faced were bullies during his short stint at a public school and they stopped being a problem after he realized he had a knack for fighting. 

"I can tell," she said without explaining. "Nikolett Lovag was an unknown angel until about eight or ten years ago, so I did some digging. The Malakim have kept a tight leash on details regarding her, but it wasn't hard to find some basic information. 

"Her mother is a high-ranking Malakim but Nikolett herself wasn't known to be a prodigy, despite being a good fighter and a Pegasus Knight. She always had to work hard towards getting stronger. 

"But that changed about ten years ago. Her wings fully matured, and her hidden talent and genius bloomed. Within a few years, she defeated pretty much all the other geniuses around her age. Elyssa is her final target and I hope you will not become a steppingstone. 

"Now, tell me everything that you've learned at the academy," she asked him, abruptly ending her spiel and confusing him. <em>Does she mean that Nikolett has both talent and strength of character, while I lack the latter?</em> 

Regardless, Blaze chose to not pursue it further, and narrated everything he had learnt in combat training, including his fights against Priscilla. His weekends at home had been spent in talking about his adventures, and he had never really discussed anything about his combat training with her or Rebecca. Jie Er had not shown much interest in it before. 

"Yes," she said, after he finished telling her about his plan to use energy weapons. "Weapon manifestation will be a useful tool in your arsenal. But against Nikolett, I think it will only prove a marginal utility. Someone of her caliber should quickly adapt against different weapons. 

"Nevertheless, you should focus on perfecting this idea of yours - while you're at school. During our training sessions, I will simply focus on making you a better warrior -- better than Nikolett; because that is how I want you to defeat her," she told him. 

Blaze couldn't help but be a little disappointed. 

"What?" she asked him. 

"I just thought that maybe you had a secret technique. Something that can blow someone away in a great attack, or something that makes me so fast that Nikolett can't touch me..." 

"Don't be silly. You already have a very good technique -- The Swift Wing Style is one of the best out there. But from what you tell me, you have not used it to its full potential. We shall work on it. Your hardened wings are not meant only to defend yourself," she told him seriously. "Anything else?" 

"Oh yeah!" he said excitedly, remembering the little move he had invented. "Watch this. I call it the 'Blazing Pirouette'," he told her, shooting up. 

He flew up around a hundred and fifty feet over Jie Er and then dove down towards her. He began to spin around with his wings, drawing them closer, while gravity accelerated him towards the older angel. 

Just as he reached her, he opened his arms and swung them at her, using all the momentum he had gained. Jie Er blocked him with a single hand without any show of exertion. 

"Isn't it just an aerial pirouette? You've only added a bit more flair to it, which makes it inefficient," she asked skeptically. 

Blaze looked at her crestfallen. 

"I do like the idea, though. We shall work on it. We may be able to use the flexibility we worked on to improve the technique," she told him after a moment. "But now, we shall fight. Defend yourself!" she cried out, balling her right fist. 

Blaze felt a sudden sense of danger and he immediately hardened his wings to cover himself. 

<em>BANG!</em> 

It was only a fist, but it hit his hardened wings like a truck. Blaze shot towards the ground and hit the snow with all the grace of a dead bird. 

"Oww..." he groaned, as he slowly crawling out of the angel-shaped hole in the snow. 

Jie Er landed in front of him and watched his face covered in snow. 

"Your goal over the next few weeks will be to land a hit on me. You can use whatever method you can think of," she told him solemnly, without an ounce of pity for his condition. 

Blaze coughed and spit the snow out of his mouth. "But I've landed a hit on you before!" he protested angrily. Her attack had come out of nowhere and he had not been prepared for it. 

"I was never serious. I am now. To make things easier for you, I will only use the strength of an angel," she said. 

Blaze searched her face. She was very serious. 

<em>Ah fuck!</em> 

*** 

Twilight set in quite quickly on their side of the mountain, casting a bluish tint on the white snow and aptly reflecting his mood. He was battered, bruised and wingless. Jie Er had not pulled any punches and by the time they were done for the day, there were a couple dozen Blaze-sized holes in the mountainside snow. He hadn't even come close to landing a hit on Jie Er and he was absolutely plastered. 

Jie Er carried him all the way back to the camp and gingerly sat him down by the campfire. She started a fire in the pit before working on their dinner while Blaze sat quietly tending to his wounds, without looking at her. 

She made them a meal of hard-boiled eggs, vegetable stew and bread. He wolfed it down ravenously as darkness set around them. Once done, he washed his bowl with water and stood up. 

"I am going to sleep," he told her brusquely and headed into the tent. 

Jie Er came in after a few minutes. Blaze was curled up and facing away from her, but she seemed to know that he wasn't asleep. She sat down beside him and pulled him up by the hand. 

"What?" he asked her impatiently. 

"Take off your top," she told him gently. 

Blaze knew it wasn't for a fuck and he was too sore to even want one. He pulled off his shirt as Jie Er took out an ointment. She squeezed some of it out and began applying it on his bruises. They were everywhere: arms, legs, chest and stomach. 

Blaze hissed at her touch, but she was as gentle as she could be, spreading the balm with careful strokes. He tried to catch her eye, but her concentration was on his body. She took her time and once she finished, she turned him around and pulled him between her legs. 

"I am sorry, Blaze Er. I didn't want to do it this way," she told him emotionally, making him rest his head on her bosom. 

Blaze swallowed the lump in his throat and lightly nodded against her chest, closing his eyes. 

Jie Er continued to gently massage around his wounds, and Blaze fell asleep under her soothing touch. 

*** 

Blaze woke up early at dawn to find himself curled up in bed. Jie Er was asleep with an arm over him and spooning him to her body. He sighed at his dick that rose up in his shorts. 

<em>Not today, buddy. I'd rather not give her an excuse to ramp up my training.</em> 

He closed his eyes, but sleep did not come to him. He slowly pushed Jie Er's arm away and got out of her embrace. Walking out of the tent, he felt the freezing morning breeze coming from the top of the mountain. 

It was still dark outside, but the smoldering campfire radiated warmth and a dim glow. He sat in front of embers and idly poked at them, when a sudden thought came to him. Pulling out a notebook and a quillpen, he began to write, turning the surface of the paper to face the embers. 

<strong><em>Day 1:</em></strong> <em>I think it's the start of a nightmare. It began pretty darn awesome, but by the end of the day I was wondering if Jie Er hates me. I mean, obviously she doesn't, but that's how bad the training was.</em> 

<em>I could've died, twice. Once whilst she was trying to make me fly too high, and the other when she left me wingless with an arctot prowling about. She didn't even seem that worried when I told her about it. That arctot was a monster.</em> 

<em>And goddamn! Jie Er looks like a gentle soul, but she hits like a freight train.</em> 

<em>Lunch: I ate some freaking snakes --saraph-- for the first time. They weren't as nasty as I expected them to be.</em> 

<em>Dinner: It was some stew with eggs and bread.</em> 

Thus, began Blaze's diary about his training adventures with Jie Er, initially intended to be comedic. 

<strong><em>Day 2:</em></strong> <em>Passed out while trying to fly at close to eleven thousand feet -- twice. Was wingless three times. The clouds are beautiful at that height, but you can't really appreciate them when your lungs and anga are screaming for air and energy or when you're flying past them wingless and flailing.</em> 

<em>Lunch: Strange thing happened at lunch. I went over to the stream to get some water and found a pile of rowan berries beside the campfire. I thought Jie Er had left them there, but she says she didn't. We ate them of course, cause they are apparently rare and very nutritious -- slightly bitter but not unpalatable.</em> 

<em>Is Rebecca here and playing a prank on us? I hope she is. Or, could it be someone else? Alice?</em> 

<em>More naps cause I can't go on without them.</em> 

<em>Dinner: Had more snek.</em> 

<em>Got beaten up by Jie Er again, and she wasn't even using her left hand.</em> 

<em>More snow holes up in the mountain. I am calling them Blazing Holes, cause why not?</em> 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
<strong><em>Day 3:</em></strong> <em>Passed out while trying to run up the mountain at fifteen thousand feet. Jie Er took me up there and made me run until I collapsed. I passed out on the fourth time.</em> 

<em>I wish we could just train near our camp. I love mountains and snow, but it gets pretty dull if there is nothing else around.</em> 

<em>Lunch: Found another pile of berries when I came back from the stream. Aunt Becky! I hope you are having the time of your life. Please show yourself, if you're around. 

Naps and more hand-to-hand training. Well, it was more like Jie Er's hands and my ass meeting the ground.</em> 

<em>Dinner: Jie Er says I am not using my legs enough. Made me fight her only using legs. Obviously got beaten up again. 

Had some more snake stew. Ugh.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 4:</em></strong> <em>Another leg day. I honestly think I'd rather pass out flying. I hate running up the mountain.</em> 

<em>Lunch: There was another pile of berries like usual. I think I heard the arctot rambling away from our camp when I came back from the stream. Nothing else can make such a large noise just by moving.</em> 

<em>More snek. I think these little critters are growing on me. Still hate how they slither, though. Gah! Why do they even slither when they can fucking glide?</em> 

<em>Dinner: Another kick fight, another absolute defeat. 

Another stew, same old bread.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 5:</em></strong> <em>Help! I don't wanna go out today! I don't want to look at the damn snow again. I think the weather is getting colder, too. It rained at our camp last night.</em> 

<em>Jie Er showed me some cool flying moves. Some only work with hardened wings. They were fun until I was made to repeat them until my wings collapsed.</em> 

<em>Lunch: It is the freaking arctot that is leaving us those berries. I rushed back from the stream and saw it setting up the pile. The damn thing snorted at me before leaving.</em> 

<em>Dinner: Jie Er gave me a massage before we fought. That was nice, but I think she only did it so she could beat me up more.</em> 

<em>She made me fight with only my wings. I feel phantom pains even when they are dematerialized. It feels awful.</em> 

<em>Snek for lunch. Snek for dinner.</em> 

<em>I called Elyssa tonight. She seems to be doing well. Was excited to talk about her training. Wish I could be like her.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 6:</em></strong> <em>Gaah!! I am going mad. I am horny, frustrated, and fucking angry at everything. I want to run away. Send help!</em> 

<em>More practice of flying moves.</em> 

<em>Lunch: I refused to go get the water for lunch and waited for the arctot to show up. It did! It came waddling on two legs like a penguin, with a bunch of berries in its hand. Saw me sitting by the campfire and didn't pause or bat a lid. It just left the berries in a pile, snorted at me, and left. I think it likes me.</em> 

<em>Dinner: I don't think I've ever been so afraid while getting a massage.</em> 

<em>Another wing day. Got beaten up until I collapsed. This is domestic abuse! Or is it child abuse? I don't know anymore!</em> 

<em>Snek -- Snek -- Snek.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 7:</em></strong> <em>The winds are picking up in the mountains. We may have a storm brewing somewhere.</em> 

<em>Don't wanna got out, but I gotta accept the eventuality. I think frustration has sped up the condition of my body. I don't know how long I can retain my sanity. I really do want to run away now, but I am afraid I'd do something bad.</em> 

<em>Today was arm day, I guess. She made push boulders, lift rocks and punch trees until I collapsed. And all the while, she was sitting on my shoulders. I wanted to push her down and fuck her right there, but I freaking hate her!</em> 

<em>I guess I don't really mean that.</em> 

<em>Lunch: When I came back from the stream, I came across the fallen tree, and I felt the branches of it looking at me.</em> 

<em>Does that make me crazy?</em> 

<em>Possibly.</em> 

<em>It was actually the damn arctot and its horns. His fur kinda camouflages him against the tree trunk. He kept me company for a little while and let me touch his fur. It was long, rough, and sorta fluffy.</em> 

<em>Dinner: Massage before fighting has become a regular thing, I suppose. But, it's hard to feel good when you know you're just being prepared for something worse.</em> 

<em>Fought Jie Er using everything I had. I don't see the training helping. I got beaten as badly as I was on the first day.</em> 

<em>Still not using any weapons - me or Jie Er. I wonder when she will let me use a weapon. I don't think I can beat her bare-handed. Her reach is too long.</em> 

<em>Guess what I had for food today? That's right, berries and snek. Always snek.</em> 

<em>Ely called me tonight, but I didn't answer.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 8:</em></strong> <em>Got a blizzard up in the mountains. Jie Er thought it was perfect for more flying exercise. Almost got swept away when I passed out at 12,000 feet. I wish I was swept away, but the damn tether!</em> 

<em>Lunch: Jeffery came by again. Let me touch his head.</em> 

<em>Dinner: Oh god, I so wanted to fuck Jie Er while we were fighting. I was actually trying to grapple her down. How am I supposed to last another two weeks?</em> 

<em>Ely called again, but I am in no mood to talk to her.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 9:</em></strong> <em>It's lucky that I had no more strength when I came back for dinner last night. Don't know what I would've done if I did. I hate myself.</em> 

<em>Jie Er looks so delicious when she's asleep. I can't! That's why I am sitting out here by the campfire and writing this.</em> 

<em>Practiced punching, kicking and slicing with wings whilst in mid-air. Basic forms but Jie Er thinks it will help. Don't know why we are doing it as we will be doing the same thing while we are fighting. Didn't collapse or faint. I suppose that's good.</em> 

<em>Lunch: Jeffery let me brush his mane today. Even let me wrap my arm around his neck. Looks like he's my only friend in this godforsaken place. I do have a nagging feeling that he is just fattening me up before he eats me. I don't mind. I think he'll make it quick and easy.</em> 

<em>I've begun to look forward to eating the saraph meat. I feel a strange sorta camaraderie with em'. Death by Jie Er.</em> 

<em>Dinner: My shorts where bursting while Jie Er was giving me the massage. It quickly went down once I started getting beaten up.</em> 

<em>I didn't collapse from exhaustion, though. I could still go on when the sun began to set.</em> 

<em>Jie Er is curious about what I am writing, but I am not showing it to her. I don't think I like her anymore. I do still want to fuck her, though.</em> 

<em>Elyssa keeps calling. She's probably worried, but I am afraid of what I might say to her if I pick up the VP. A part of me also wants her to be worried.</em> 

<strong><em>Day 10:</em></strong> <em>My body feels like its burning. She says my temperature is fine and that I don't look sick. But I think I am. Even a glance at her makes me want to grab her.</em> 

<em>It's all her fault. I don't think I would've been this way if she didn't train me in this horrendous manner. I think she enjoys torturing me.</em> 

<em>I didn't collapse even though she pushed me harder than ever before. I was running up the mountain at over 16,000 feet, though I can still only fly at less than 12,000.</em> 

<em>She made me stop before lunch. She seems a little worried. Good! I hope she regrets everything.</em> 

<em>Lunch: I wanted to arm-wrestle Jeffrey when he came by. Don't seem like he cares much for it, or even understood what I meant when I put up my arm beside his. He still doesn't let me cuddle him, though. I think he's shy.</em> 

<em>No snek today. She hunted some large bird that I've never seen. I don't care what it is. I just want some snek. Let's hope I get some snek for dinner. Maybe some Jie Er afterwards...</em> 

<em>Hahaha. Bless her soul. She really thinks she is in control. Well, I think she is crazy.</em> 

<em>Just like me.</em> 

oOo 

Blaze fought Jie Er like a mad angel that afternoon -- almost like a berserking demon. She had never fought or seen one, but she had heard tales about them. He fought on raw instinct and did not seem to be fazed even when she didn't pull her punches. 

Each time he crashed after a particularly strong hit, he simply got up, shook off the snow, and jumped up towards her. She had seen the fervor in his eyes the previous day, but now the madness was much more evident. His attempts at grabbing her were also more obvious. 

Forty-five minutes into the fight, Jie Er had a lapse of concentration out of concern for him. He had never lasted that long in one stretch. They usually took short breaks between each bout and fought multiple times before he was too tired to continue. There was something abnormal about what was sustaining him now. 

Worry over his condition made her miss her aim. The punch she had intended to land on his chest headed for his face. His slight downward movement also had a role to play in it. Maybe even in his oblivion, he was aware she wouldn't hit him in the head. 

Not willing to break his nose, Jie Er pulled her punch. A delirious smile sprouted on his face as he lunged towards her and wrapped his arms around her, confining her arms. 

If there was one thing Blaze was a step above other angels in, it was his extraordinary strength. Even Jie Er couldn't escape his grasp only using the strength of an angel. 

She had no desire to lose to him when he was in this condition. Not because she was afraid of what he might do to her, but because she wanted him to defeat her when he was himself. 

Channeling energy at an archangel level, she kneed him in the gut. He crumpled in her arms as his hands lost their strength. She held him under his arms, expecting him to pass out, but he didn't. His ragged breath was pronounced as he tried to find the strength to overcome her. 

"Blaze Er..." she called out to him, but there was no response. 

Sighing, she began to fly back towards their camp. His hands reached for her butt and breasts and began to grope her, almost hurtfully. The heat he had been complaining about finally began to seep into her. She fought it off with her own energy, even as she held him dearly to her chest. She had forced this to happen, and she was going to see through it, without ever doubting his affection for her. 

When they landed by the campfire and Blaze found his footing, Jie Er pushed him away. She wanted to try and see if she could get through to him, but one look at his face told her about the futility of such an attempt. 

She walked up to the tent flap and opened it for him, "Come inside, dear," she implored him, but he just stood there like a starving animal â€”hungry, wary, and watching. 

So, she stepped inside, sat down on their futon, and waited for him. She didn't want to do it outside like beasts, especially now. 

Blaze entered the tent a minute later. He at least seemed to possess an understanding of how to use the tent flap. Seemingly aware of her strength, he looked at her with hungry eyes, waiting for an opening. 

Taking a deep breath to compose herself, she turned around and got on all fours. She reached for the straps of cloth that made up her streamlined underwear and pushed them aside to reveal herself to him. 

He pounced on her. Unaware of his own clothing, he grabbed her hips and began to crudely jut himself against her butt. 

Receiving no indication of him disrobing himself, Jie Er grabbed his arms and made him stop. He didn't want to stop, but the frustration from lack of penetration made him pause. 

Reaching for his boyshorts with one hand, she pulled them down. She grabbed his engorged member and quickly lined it with her entrance. He grasped her butt cheeks tightly and thrust into her. 

Jie Er winced. She had been ready, but not aroused. However, she wanted the pain -- punishment for what she had done, even if she thought it was for his own good. 

The heat inside him surged, reinstating its earlier attack on her energy defenses. She fought against it for a few moments, just to feel his thrusts, before letting herself get overwhelmed. 

The heat crashed into her body from every point of their contact and spread through her like a wildfire, filling her body in arousal. Her walls immediately dampened, and she felt a familiar white-hot light fill her mind, before she lost all awareness. 

His body fell on her back, grasping at her breasts, and she collapsed, her cheek against the ground, her limbs spread at her elbows and knees. He dug his fingers into her breasts and thrust himself into her, loudly thwacking against her hips as the tent and the camp filled with their grunts and shrieks of pleasure. 

The mindless fucking continued for a long time as he roved his hands all over her body, and she let him do as he pleased as she drowned in her own ecstasy. Finally, he grabbed her shoulders and gave her a mighty thrust, before releasing himself in a torrent of fiery hot liquid energy. 

A white glow emanated from their bodies and lit up the tent and its surroundings. 

She screamed and her body shuddered like it had never before, quenching his hotness with her fluids. He lay on top of her, grunting, as he came continuously for almost a whole minute. 

*** 

The two angels slowly came to their senses, long after the cessation of their orgasm. 

"Blaze Er?" Jie Er called out from underneath Blaze, startling him to his senses. 

He jumped and pushed away from her, scrambling backwards on his hands. The energy stone lamp that illuminated their tent made sure that the marks of his fingers on her skin were clearly visible. 

Jie Er quickly got up and turned towards him, but it didn't matter; he had marked her on the front as well. 

The sight <em>broke</em> him. 

He wrapped his arms around his legs, hid his head between his knees and began to sob. Loud, chest-heaving sobs, filled with regret, shame, self-hatred, and anger towards Jie Er. The complete loss of his consciousness while his body had rampaged frightened him. Every other time, he had retained some semblance of awareness, giving him a little sense of control, but not this time. 

Jie Er's felt her heart tear at the sight of him. <em>What had she done?</em> Despite her body being a little bruised, her mind was clear, and she felt strangely reinvigorated. 

She stood up and walked behind him, sitting down and pulling him into her arms. Blaze struggled against her, but he had neither the will nor the strength to resist her. She pulled him into her arms even as he hid his head between knees. 

"It's not your fault," she cooed at him. He shook his head, muttering something unintelligible under his sobs. 

She tried speaking to him, but Blaze just closed himself off. In his sobbing, he didn't seem to hear a thing she said. 

"Blaze Er, listen!" she finally yelled, startling him and getting his attention. 

"You do have a problem, Blaze," she told him gently. "And you're responsible for managing it. But this time, you held no responsibility, my dear little one. It was entirely mine. I knew what may happen and I let it happen, in spite of all your warnings. Don't blame yourself, Blaze, blame me." 

"This one is my fault," she repeated earnestly. "I wanted to make you grow and I think I did. But I failed to anticipate how it may affect you in other ways. I am sorry. Please, don't blame yourself. 

"Consider this a part of your training, and a learning opportunity. You now know what could happen and you will take precautions to prevent it from happening in the future. Look at the bright side, I think my wings have been healed a little more. At this rate, I may be completely healed by the end of your school year!" she told him, going from forceful, to kind, and then to motherly in her speech. 

Blaze quickly turned around and wrapped his arms underneath hers, hiding his face in her chest. The sobbing receded, but Jie Er felt the steady flow of warmth on her skin. 

She pulled him on to the futon and simply held him. 

Blaze, who felt like his body and mind were drenched in freezing cold water, sought solace in the only place he could currently find warmth -- Jie Er's arms. So, he clung on to her. It was a long time before sleep came to either of them. 

oOo 

Blaze woke up the next morning to the smell of spiced and roasted saraph. His mouth watered as he hastily changed his clothes and headed out. 

Jie Er offered him a plate of skewered saraph and a big cup of tea, a wide smile on her face. She was back to being the Jie Er he knew before his training began. 

He wordlessly took his breakfast and wolfed it down before speaking, "I am taking a break today. I may head into town and roam around for a bit," he told her. He still felt the trauma-inducing emotions from the previous night, though the warmth Jie Er showed him had dampened them considerably. However, he currently needed to be away from her. 

"It's a good idea. I was thinking the same," she said to him softly. "Just be careful." 

His face fell. 

Jie Er seemed to understand what was going through his mind. "Blaze Er, I didn't mean it that way. I only wanted you to take care of yourself and be safe." 

"Aunty... Am I a demon?" he asked her a question he had asked her once before and something that had always been on his mind. 

"No! You're not! And even if you were, you'd always be my little angel." 

"Ugh! Don't say that!" he replied, aghast and exasperated. But he couldn't help but feel his heart lighten at her words. 

"Blaze Er," she said to him as he got ready to head out, handing him a sack of aur. "If you do go head into town, get me couple of cheap bardiches. Something that looks like what Valinna was talking about would be ideal, but I don't suppose they will have anything like it. Feel free to spend the rest on yourself," she said, giving him a goodbye kiss on the forehead. 

Blaze did not like it, but he let her do it. He was <em>not</em> some embarrassed teen. <em>Besides, I am already twenty.</em> 

*** 

As he flew in the direction of the town, Blaze pulled out his notebook and jotted down a couple of lines in his training diary. 

<strong><em>Day 11:</em></strong> <em>I've done it! I am free! I've successfully escaped from Jie Er and Blaze. Never gonna come back again. Tata, goodbye, sayonara, adios! 'Tis finally time for the reign of the Evil Blaze! Just kidding. I am myself and will be back by evening.</em> 

Despite his humor, he was really worried about losing his mind. Especially because he couldn't remember writing the last few sentences in his notebook the previous day. It was odd because he remembered the initial part of his fight and that was after he had written those words. 

It took Blaze a little under an hour to reach the small rustic town of Puhar. The town did not have a gate, nor anyone guarding it, so he just flew over it, trying to find something interesting. 

Wooden houses, small and narrow dirt streets filled with vendors and merchant stalls and bars made up the town. Crows, dogs, pigeons, and mice ran rampant, despite the lack of refuse when compared to similar medieval towns from Earth. Aranya did not have rats but the mice made up for it. 

The angels didn't excrete, but they could still leave a mess and scrap food, especially when angels got drunk in the evenings. Drinking was looked down upon in Aranya, but the miners who populated the town didn't give a hoot about what non-miners thought. 

The streets were relatively empty, except for an odd wingless young angel or two playing a game of street flyball or something else. Blaze wondered where he could find angels his size. <em>Probably outside the town. Maybe I should go find them later.</em> 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
He found the town center, a small cobblestoned square, with the local sheriff's station and mayoral buildings on either side of it. An array of stalls and vendors were scattered around the square that was otherwise a little empty. The town center would be livelier in the evening. 

Blaze dropped down in front of a vendor. In the cities and classier towns, it was considered rude to suddenly drop down amongst people, but Blaze doubted that the angels of Puhar cared about such minor things. The middle-aged vendor gave him a sweet smile as he walked up to her stall. 

"Do you know where I can find Medina Agnes?" he asked her politely. Medina was Agatha's sister, and he thought he would drop by and say hello. He wasn't sure if Agatha was still in Puhar, but it didn't really matter, as he was currently in no mood for anything sexual. 

"Do you want a lollipop?" the angel asked him, picking up a large piece of red candy on a stick. 

"No, I don't want a lollipop," he told her sternly and turned around. He wasn't going to buy a lollipop for easy information. 

"Take the left street and the first right. You should find her store a couple of houses in," the angel told him. 

"Thank you," Blaze said to her, turning back around. 

"Here. Take this. You look like you could use a lollipop. It's free," she smiled at him, pushing the candy into his hand. 

Blaze begrudgingly took the lollipop and gave it a hesitant lick. The sweet and tangy flavor sparked an idea in his mind. It was a warm and sunny day, a rarity during Aranyan winters. It was the perfect weather for flyball, and a good game of flyball was what he needed to keep his mind off things. 

"Give me twenty of these. Different flavors," he said to the angel. 

The vendor was taken aback. "It'll cost you eight plat, even if I give you a two plat discount," she said, eyeing him skeptically. 

Blaze took out an aur and handed it to her, refusing the two-plat change. He had seventy-five aur and was probably the richest kid in town. What did he care about a few plat? 

"Where can I find angels my size?" he asked her, grabbing the lollipops and pushing them into his space ring. 

The vendor grinned at him. "You will probably find them over the grazing fields to the south. They keep a watch on the bison, while playing ball," she answered, bringing out a couple of chocolate bars. "Here, the older ivkas will prefer these," she said, shoving the chocolate into his hands. 

He gave her his sincere gratitude and took off in search of the kids. Medina Agnes could wait. 

A yonder or so away from the town, he found a bunch of young angels playing flyball on a grazed patch of grass. He zipped towards them and caught the ball that was just hit in the air. 

He landed in the middle of the ground as the young angels slowly gathered around him. There were fifteen angels, mostly aged between 15 and 40, but there were also a couple of ivkas in their sixties or seventies. 

"Lemme in the game," he asked them. 

"Who're you? We're in the middle of a match," grunted one the of the older angels. She had long bluish hair tied up in a ponytail. 

"Dun' matter. I bet I can win against the best of ya' lot versus the worst of ya'. You can have these if you win," he said, pulling out the pile of candy and chocolate. 

"Aunt Minnie's candy," shouted a younger angel. "You're on!" cried another. 

"What if you win?" the ivka wanted to know. 

"Nothing. I just wanna play. I will share half of my stash with my team," he said impishly. 

"Deal!" 

They played a semi-flying version of flyball. The players had to bat and pitch the ball on the ground, but they could have three angels fielding in the air. It made things interesting for angels of all ages. 

Blaze's team put up a fight, but he couldn't carry an entire team of unskilled angels under thirty, while playing against a team full of older angels, especially since he was the only one on his team who could fly. 

"You're pretty darn good, lassie," said the black-haired ivka, slapping him on the shoulder. Blaze's team lost by ten runs. "Now, give us our candy." 

"I was gonna give them to you anyway," he grumbled, bringing his stash out. 

"We knew that," said the ivka, picking the two pieces of chocolate and throwing one at the blue-haired ivka. "Aunt Minnie knows I love chocolate," she grinned. "You're not the first new kid she's sent our way. You here for long?" she asked as the other angels collected their lollipops. 

"Just passing by. Another game? Gimme two more flyers," he said. Being the only one to fly was a pain in the ass. 

"Of course. It won't be interesting, otherwise." 

For the rest of the morning and most of the afternoon, Blaze played with the angels. Their light-hearted and joyful nature helped him forget his issues while he played with them. 

They were a gruff bunch, but generous and easygoing. They even shared their lunch with him, asking him whose mother he thought was the best cook. Blaze gave them his honest opinion -- he answered that it was his. 

"Any good sights around?" Blaze asked them after their third game. He still had a few hours of sunlight left, and he wanted to explore. 

"The mountains?" 

"Besides those." <em>Those Hela-damned mountains.</em> 

"There is a lake a yonder down to the south. It has mamgi groves surrounding it. We love playing there, but we must go where the bison go. Can't be too far away from them. There is also ..." 

"I will head to the lake," Blaze decided after she listed out a bunch of places. He really felt like a swim. 

"Rachel! Find us if you drop by Puhar again," the ivka shouted as he took off. Rachel proved to be a good alias for Blaze. He apparently looked like a Rachel too. He wasn't sure if he liked that, but it was better than looking like a Siofra or an Aahna. 

*** 

Halfway to the lake, Blaze spotted a carriage fly out of the west-facing grove. It was heading northeast, so was travelling diagonal to his path. Recognizing the classy carriage, he whizzed to a stop. The top of the carriage was loaded with sacks of mamgi. 

He hovered dumbly in mid-air as the carriage drew closer and went past, a few hundred feet away from him. The frilly white curtains of the carriage windows were drawn, and the sunlight from the west streamed into the carriage at an angle. 

The light illuminated the face of the angel watching the scenery through the window, lighting up a pair of bedazzling purple eyes enshrined in a maroon eyeliner. 

"Lynn!" he muttered under his breath, lost in her eyes as usual. 

Though there was no way she could've heard him, the young angel seemed to spot him in that same moment. It took a second for recognition to flash in her eyes, and she perked up in her seat. The carriage swung by and swept past him as she leaned into the window to look at him. 

<em>Maybe there was desire in her eyes as well?</em> 

Blaze's wings seemed to move by themselves as he mindlessly began to follow the vehicle. However, even at his top speed he could not keep up with a Pegasi-drawn carriage. It quickly disappeared out of sight. 

<em>What the Hela is wrong with me?</em> He thought as clarity returned to him. <em>Could it be...?</em> He felt a lurch in his stomach as he looked in the direction of the carriage and saw those eyes in his mind. He still had no idea how the rest of her face looked, despite it not being covered by a veil. 

Shaking his head at himself, he headed down towards the banks of the lake. Choosing a mamgi tree with a wide canopy, he felt the damp grass and earth beneath his feet as he sat down by the lake. He watched the streams flowing into the lake and the river to the north that was still in the youthful stage of its flow. 

<em>Will I see her again? Maybe she'll participate in the tournament, or at least come and watch!</em> 

One thought led to another, and soon, he was thinking about the pair of gauntlets that he had been promised by Valinna and her apprentice. He had an inkling they'd be badass. 

He imagined them over his hands and arms and <em>felt</em> their weight on them. He stood up, spread his arms, and looked to the west. "I, the Blazing Fury, SHALL CONQUER THE LAND AND UNITE IT UNDER ONE RULE! Muhahahahaha," he cackled into the sky like a super villain. 

"What's wrong with you?" a tinkling little voice startled him out of his reverie. He looked around for the source but found no one. 

"Over here," the voice said from the direction of the lake. 

Blaze spotted a head poking out of the water. The reflection of the sun made sure that the rest of her body was not visible. 

"Hey," Blaze said, studying the young angel in the water. Thick locks of wet cyan hair enshrined a pretty face, containing a prominent, but cute, button nose, and a pair of large angular golden eyes. Her energy signature indicated that she was in her later fifties. 

"Are you pretending to be a demon?" she asked with a knowing smile. 

"Nah, just myself," he shrugged his shoulders. "How's the water?" 

"I like it, but it's probably a little cold for you," she answered with a chortle. "Hey, I don't suppose you could grab me one of those mamgi on the tree? I saw you flying here." 

Blaze glanced up at the tree. It was the mamgi season, and this tree possessed some particularly big ones, despite being a bit green. "Why can't you get em' yourself? Besides, they look a little unripe." 

"I can't fly." 

"Oh! Right, I am sorry," Blaze said awkwardly, feeling a little sorry for her. She looked a little old to not be able to fly without a good reason. He quickly manifested his wings and flew up to pluck a fruit. 

The thick smell of still ripening mamgi, the musty smell of leaves, and the earthy smell emanating from the ground below hit Blaze as he landed on a thick tree branch. 

The angel in the water proved to be a bit difficult as she made him flip and turn each mamgi, before picking a particularly green but large fruit. 

He came back to the ground and threw the fruit at her, but his aim was a little short. The angel shot forward in the water and grabbed it. 

"I am sorry..." Blaze apologized again. 

"You don't have to feel sorry about my wings," she said, taking a bite out of the fruit and slurping at the sharp tanginess of it. "That's perfect... I am a Mami Wata." 

"A mommy what?" 

"A Mami Wata. Surely, you've at least heard of us," she said, pouting. 

A passage he read about a breed of sea nymphs that populated the south-eastern coasts of Azra-El flashed through his mind. 

"Oh yeah! Water nymphs. I didn't think you couldn't fly," he said, realizing that the faint purplish tinge to the nymph's skin was not merely a reflection of the water. 

"Why would we want to fly when we spend most of our lives in water?" she pouted again, splashing some water in Blaze's direction. 

Blaze decided to join her. He took off his shirt and threw it on the bank before heading for the lake. But as soon as his feet touched the water, he yelped and jumped back. 

"Told you it was too cold for you," the nymph smirked at him. The water was damn close to near freezing. "I'll come out and keep you company for a bit," she said, swiftly zipping towards him without even using her hands to swim. 

When she reached the shallow waters, she started to stand up. 

The first thing Blaze noticed was that she was naked. Absolutely naked. She had nothing covering her skin, except for a tiny little ornament that only covered the slit of her vagina, and possibly her anus. 

Her skin was pearly smooth, and water dribbled off it like there was no friction; especially off her plump reddish-purple lips, the bottom of which seemed to have a natural hang that attracted all the water from the top of her lovely face. 

The second thing he noticed was her hair. Her bright cyan locks were so long that they dragged across the water above her shins. 

Her round bulging breasts shook as she strode through the water, her hips swinging with a natural sway. Her reddish-purple nipples stood stiff from the cold and Blaze stood mesmerized by the sight. 

"You're weird, and I am Azalea," she said with a wry smile, noticing his sordid gaze. She took another bite of her mamgi as she stepped on to the shore. 

"I am B- Rachel," he answered her sluggishly. "You're just ... very pretty," he told her, shaking his head at himself. <em>You'd think I'd be more level-headed after all those angels...</em> 

"T-thank you," Azalea said with a little blush. "You're also very good looking, and strong!" she added after a moment, lifting her arm and popping a small muscle. "I saw you fly over but didn't think you'd be so young." 

Blaze shrugged his shoulders. "What's a Mami Wata doing all the way in Aranya?" he asked, turning around and walking back to the trunk of the tree. He sat down and brushed the grass beside him, patting it for the nymph to come and sit beside him.  

She bit into her fruit with a crunch and walked up to him. "Want a bite?" she offered. 

"Nah, I like 'em sweet," he said to her. <em>But I wouldn't mind taking a bite at those lips.</em> 

"Suit yourself," she said, sitting down beside him. 

Blaze caught a glimpse of her near-perfect booty before she sat down and leaned against the trunk beside him. Their shoulders touched, and he felt her wide hips against his lower stomach. She was warm and smooth. 

"Travelling with my mother on a business trip," she said, answering his previous question. 

"Oh? I didn't think water nymphs cared about doing business over the land," he said, trying his best to not do anything perverted. He knew it wouldn't stop there, and he wasn't stupid enough to do it with every beautiful stranger he met, especially when the world's eyes were trained on him. 

"Most don't. Also, my mother is an angel. I am adopted." 

"Oh..." he muttered. He almost said that he was too but stopped himself at the last moment. 

"I like her, though. She is rich and buys me lots of things. She is also a very strong archangel!" she said, noticing his pity. "What about you? What are you doing here? You don't seem like a local. All the local kids are herding bison and playing flyball." 

"I was playing with them earlier. Friendly lot," he answered. "But yes, I am not a local. Here to train in the mountains. Today is my off day." 

"Train? For the USMAT?" she said, turning to him with wide eyes. Her boobs bounced again. 

"Yep." <em>You should really keep those covered!</em> Blaze cursed at her in his head. 

"Wow. You must be really strong," she said, calming down. "I wish the water nymphs could participate too, but you need to be able to fly to take part in the tournaments. I think that's lame. We are very strong on land, and no angel can defeat us in the water." 

"I am sure, but you can't expect a fair match when only one of the opponents can fly." 

"I suppose not." 

The two angels chatted for a while, and Azalea proved to be fun and interesting. She had lots of tales from her travels on Azra-El, and Blaze was a sucker for a good story. He even forgot that the nymph beside him was naked. 

"So, how do your <em>nirn</em> work? Do you sprout fins out of them or something? What about an arch Mami Wata-ever?" he asked her, as the sun began to dip behind the western mountains. Azalea's carefree attitude made it easy to talk to her. 

"Mami Wata is what our people call ourselves. Our archangels are called arch-nymphs," she clarified, "and sea/lake/river deity after that. I think Deva is a common term for all. I'm pretty sure all Devas can all fly despite their race. As for how our nirn work, do you want to see?" she asked, seeming a little excited. 

"Of course!" he said, making his curiosity and wonder apparent. Azalea was delighted by his interest. 

"Come!" she said eagerly, getting up and walking back towards the water. 

Blaze chose to watch her nude figure from behind. Despite her long hair draping over her back, he could still make out the prominent valley of her spine, dipping and curving into wide hips and a massively curvy butt. Though her torso was smaller than his, her legs were long, making her stand five or six inches taller than him. But he didn't mind. For an eight-month-old angel, he was a freaking giant. 

The ends of her hair dragged along the grass and over the mud as she waded into the lake. 

"Come," she said, turning around and energetically waving her arm at him. Her breasts once again rippled with her movements. 

<em>Is she a siren drawing me to death?</em> He wondered as he got up and walked to her. Standing by the edge of the lake, he smiled at her. 

Azalea waded a foot deep into the water before turning around to face him. She raised her left thigh to the side and reached out to the clip covering her slit. She fiddled with it once before plucking it out, revealing a pretty and light purple slit. 

"Hold this," she said, tossing the ornament to Blaze. 

Blaze fumbled with it in the air before he caught it. <em>Fraking Hela!</em> he thought as he felt its dry but sticky warmth against his fingers. It had two small round knobs whose purpose was easy enough to guess. 

Unaware of Blaze's <em>unusual</em> excitement, Azalea sat down in the water. Blaze half expected her to open her knees and invite him in, but she instead stretched her legs and closed her knees together. 

She leaned back on her hands and began to concentrate on her legs. A golden orange glow began to emanate from the sides of her thighs, quickly spreading upwards and downwards and merging around her legs before materializing into dazzling crystalline scales. 

"Blistering Barnacles! You're a freaking mermaid!" he cried in awe, staring at the beautiful fish tail of hers. It was long and sinuous, with a large fluffy, golden fan replacing her feet. In fact, her tail seemed much longer than her legs. 

"What the Hela is a mermaid? I am a Mami Wata. I like the phrase 'blistering barnacles', though. Where did you hear that?" she said, loving Blaze's attention. 

"Captain Haddock," Blaze replied, walking into the cold water and crouching beside her tail. "Mind if I touch?" he asked with pure wonder. 

"Sure. A ship's captain?" 

Blaze gingerly reached out a finger and touched a scale at the bend where her knees were supposed to be. It was smooth like glass, and not at all slimy like fish scales. "Yeah. These are absolutely beautiful, though," he said, tapping on her scale and feeling its toughness. It clinked like glass, but he had a feeling it wasn't as fragile. 

"Thank you," she blushed again, her cheeks turning even more purple. "But they don't just look beautiful. How fast can you fly?" she asked. 

"Um... not sure. I can dive pretty fast," Blaze wondered. 

"No no. Not dive. That's just gravity. How fast can you fly in a straight line, without tailwind?" she asked, as if she wanted to prove something. 

"A little more than twenty yonders per hour? Can only maintain that speed for a minute, though." 

"That's pretty fast, but I can do better," she said, turning around in the water and using her hands to push forwards into the lake. Blaze let her tail travel under his hand, feeling her scales and finally feeling the soft and fluffy mane of her tail fan. 

"Watch," she yelled out, once her whole body was submerged. When she saw him nod, she turned around and straightened her back. She paused for a movement and flapped her tail. 

A strong wave of ice-cold water crashed into Blaze's chest and made him fall back on his butt. However, he didn't miss the mermaid shoot across the surface of the water like a speed boat. 

"Did you see that?" she screamed, coming to a stop a few hundred feet away from the shore. 

"THAT WAS AWESOME!" he screamed back, wiping the freezing cold water off his face. 

Azalea shot back towards him with the same speed and reached him within a few seconds. Her top speed surpassed his horizontal flying speed, and Blaze made sure to remember not to mess with a nymph in water. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
"That was awesome," he repeated when she came back. 

"Sorry about getting you wet," she apologized. "Do you want me to take you around the lake? You can ride on my back!" she asked him innocently. 

However, before he could reply, a voice startled them out of their own little world. "Azalea!" 

Blaze and Azalea turned towards the voice to find a dark-haired angel hovering over the bank behind them. She had narrow green eyes, and her black hair seemed to have a dark green tinge to it. A pair of long, whitish, pale green wings gently flapped to keep her afloat in mid-air. There was something familiar about her, but Blaze couldn't place it. 

"Hey, mother. Time to go?" Azalea said, seeming a little down about being unable to show off more. 

"Azalea," the angel said stiffly. "I told you to not prance around naked while you're amongst other angels. It's not proper. Come out and wear your clothes." 

"Yes, mother," Azalea answered, dematerializing her fish tail and wading up to the shore. Blaze followed her. She made sure to clean her long hair and held it up in a ponytail, before she stepped on to the shore. 

Azalea's mother landed while the nymph quickly dried herself with a towel before putting on a light blue frock. 

"Azalea, did you eat those mamgi? Its public property, but they are not meant for outsiders!" she told her disapprovingly, pointing at the large mamgi seeds lying by the tree. 

"She gave them to me," Azalea said, giving Blaze a quick look. 

Blaze nodded to her mother. 

"The Blazing Fury shouldn't be taking things that don't belong to her, either," the angel said, surprising both Azalea and Blaze. 

"You know me?" he asked her warily. Her confidence in her statement meant more than simply knowing him through the newspaper. 

"Our paths have crossed once before at Cali, but that is not why I know you. It's only normal for me to be aware of my future business partner's looks," she said with a tiny smile. "Agatha Agnes mentioned that you were here with your mother." 

"Oh! You're the silk tycoon... and you were with Princess Ying Yue Shangdi at the Cali auction!" Blaze said, as things began to fall in place. 

"Indeed. However, silk is only one of my businesses. I am Baozhai Rong, and it's a pleasure to meet you, Blaze Er Lokra." 

"You're the Blazing Fury?! You said you were Brachel!" Azalea exclaimed from the side. She seemed even more excited than whilst she was showing off her swimming skills. 

"It was Rachel. Why would anyone be named Brachel?" he corrected her. 

"I donno," Azalea shrugged. "Angels have weird names." 

"I guess... Sorry about lying, I am Blaze Er Lokra," he said, reintroducing himself. 

"Blistering Barnacles!" Azalea exclaimed with an impish grin. "Hey, I heard you were as strong as a bison. Wanna arm-wrestle me?" she asked playfully. 

"Not now, Azalea. Our coach to Izag is waiting. However, I am sure you will be seeing each other again," Baozhai answered for him. "Miss Blaze, do you know when Medina Agnes might be back in town?" 

"Medina is not here?" 

"No. Her store is locked. But it's nothing to worry about, we were not planning on meeting today. I was just passing by for one of my other businesses," she reassured him. "Do you need to be escorted back to your mother?" 

"No, thank you." 

"Then we shall take our leave," she said, wrapping an arm around Azalea and spreading her wings. 

"Bye, Blaze. I hope to see you again soon. I will be cheering for you at the tournament," Azalea told him with a cheerful wave of her hand. 

"Thanks, Az. Make sure to prepare well for our arm-wrestling match," he smirked back at her. <em>Tehehe.</em> 

Azalea's eyes widened as her mother took off into the sky. Blaze suddenly realized that he had Azalea's ornament in his hand, but they were too far away to call them back, So, he quickly put it in his space ring, hoping to give it back the next time they met. 

*** 

Blaze made sure that the two angels were out of sight, before jumping behind a tree and changing into a dry pair of shorts. As the light of day began to dim, he decided to head back to their camp. 

The sun had set behind the mountains, but there was still enough of its glow for him to find his way to their camp. 

Jie Er was nowhere around, but he found a pile of berries lying at their usual spot beside the campfire. He quickly lit up the pit, placed his sleeping bag in front of it, and sat down staring into the flames as he popped the berries into his mouth, one by one. Just like the saraph, the berries had grown on him. 

His thoughts once again returned to the mystery angel who seemed to have an inexplicable effect on him. He had a strong inkling that Lynn was not her real name, just like he wasn't Rachel. <em>Was she a Huldra?</em> He shook his head and lay down on his sleeping bag. <em>Why would a Huldra so blatantly target me? Besides, all my encounters with her have been by mere chance.</em> He closed his eyes in thought, but instead, drifted off into a fitful sleep. 

He had a nightmare. 

It involved him and a demonic Jie Er, who tied him up and <em>trained</em> him in bed. Dressed in a skin-squeezing leather harness, she cackled like a demon while riding him and forcing him not to cum. When she leaned in with an evil smirk and wrapped her hands around his neck, he was startled into wakefulness. 

He jumped in his sleeping bag, only to be weighed down by a body over his hips. Raising his head, he found himself staring at a long and slim back that narrowed even more at the waist, suddenly widening into beautiful hips and an amazing ass. The smooth, bouncy butt was firmly pasted over his groin as it rubbed against his member. 

"Hey," Thyra said to him, looking over her shoulder with her usual solemn expression. Her thick and long golden blonde hair was hanging to the front and did not obstruct his view. 

"What the Hela are you doing?" Blaze asked, alarmed. Thyra turned away without bothering to respond, wordlessly continuing to grind herself over him. 

He tried to get up, but a pair of strong hands pushed down on his chest. "Don't worry. Jie Er explained this to us, and we wanted to try it ourselves," Valinna said to him. She was lying naked against his side, with nothing but her tattoos to cover her. "I know you liked these. I saw you staring at them," she said, bringing her chest towards his face. 

Blaze's eyes roved over her intricate tattoos of vines and flowers, before falling on the pale white skin of her breasts. Her tiny pink nipples were perked up in arousal. <em>Ah,</em> w<em>hat the heck!</em> He said to himself, before leaning into her breast. Flicking her nipple with his tongue, he enclosed his lips around it and lightly pulled. 

Valinna hissed. Taking his hand in hers, she placed it on her other breast. He massaged it for a moment, before he began to travel on her skin, trying to feel her tattoos with his fingers; but he couldn't even feel a trace of them -- they melded into her skin too well. 

After a while, Blaze's attention was drawn away by a sudden removal of the weight over his groin. He glanced down and beheld Thyra's puffy lips separated by a thin reddish-pink cleft, drenched in the fluids leaking out of her. A tiny puckered hole sat a little higher and stared right back at him. 

<em>If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will reach back for you -- Blaze Er Lokra.</em> 

Thyra reached for his cock from her behind and raised it to brush herself between her lips, before finally lining it with her entrance. She slowly descended. 

She was wet, warm and tight. He watched her lips spread apart as she speared herself on his... well, spear. She paused halfway and rose up, before going back down on. 

Blaze and Valinna watched until Thyra's butt was all the way down and touching Blaze's groin. The way she was sitting spread her cheeks apart and made her vulnerabilities completely visible. 

Blaze couldn't help reaching out and clamping a paw on her butt cheek. He caressed her as she ground her butt into him, reaching his thumb to her puckered hole. He brushed some of her fluid off their connection and used it to play with her anus. 

Noticing Blaze interest in having a view of Thyra, Valinna moved to sit behind him. She took his head in her hands and shuffled forwards to place him between her thighs. He felt her warmth through his hair as she leaned in to rest her breasts on his forehead, while they watched Thyra rise and push back down. 

Thyra began to increase her speed as she slowly got used to having him inside her. Her initial soft moans turned a pitch higher as her arms moved up and down her body and breasts. Finally, she squeezed her breasts between her arms and holding her face between her hands, she began to bounce over him. 

She pushed her hair to the back, and the long, braided hair dangled over his groin, tickling his lower stomach as she hopped. 

Suddenly, she let out a loud cry and came. Her insides clenched and spasmed, hungrily seeking his essence, and Blaze decided to grant them their wish. But before he could cum, he heard two voices. 

"You pervert!" 

"How could you!?" 

He looked towards them to find Azalea and Lynn staring at him -- one embarrassed and aghast, while the other was hurt and ashamed. 

That's when he really woke up from his dream. 

*** 

As Blaze sat up on his arms, he found Jie Er cooking their dinner and gazing deeply into the campfire. He shook his head at himself. Reality was always much clearer and fluid, but somehow, his dream self never seemed to notice the difference. 

Jie Er glanced at him, and her eyes briefly passed over the tent in his shorts. "Good dream?" she asked. 

"Partly. You apparently sent Valinna and Thyra to address my needs," Blaze told her, unabashedly. 

"I can see why that would only be partly good," she said, and Blaze didn't bother to correct her assumption. It had been a weird dream. 

"Where have you been? You look exhausted," he asked her instead, noticing her drawn eyes and the general sense of lethargy in her movements. 

"Been training. My second pair is halfway healed, and useable for now. The best part is that all this while, they've been growing like normal arch wings. Once they are completely healed, you won't even know they'd been sick," she said, happily. 

"I am glad for you, aunty. How can the Blazing Fury's mother be an average archangel?" he told her, almost immediately realizing the slip of his tongue. 

But, Jie Er did not pick at his words. She simply agreed. 

"Um... Aunty, I did not get a chance to pick up the bardiches..." 

"Don't worry about it. I will get them tomorrow afternoon." 

<em>Damn!</em> Part of the reason he <em>forgot</em> the bardiches was because he was hoping to be sent back to town. Maybe play a game of flyball or two. He would take any breaks in training he could get. 

"Aunty... tell me," he began to ask another question on his mind, "can a Huldra affect you just by looking into your eyes?" 

"Have you met a Huldra?" Jie Er perked up. 

"I am not sure. I've met this girl. Every time I see her, I get into this daze. I can't seem to take my eyes off <em>her</em> eyes, and I kinda get lost in them. Strange thing is that all our meetings have been brief, and I don't even know how she looks," he explained. 

"Hmm. It doesn't sound like a Huldra charm at all. If a Huldra can charm someone by simply looking into their eyes, they'd have taken over Azra-El by now. But it does sound like you might've met a potential Kindred," Jie Er wondered. 

"Uh, what?" 

"A Kindred. A kindred pair is how you get a dual-parent child. I've heard that their initial meetings can sometimes be overwhelmingly emotional. Your symptoms match a kindred pair more than some Huldra conspiracy," Jie Er elaborated. 

"You're saying I am infatuated over some random angel, with whom I have to spend the rest of my life? I don't even know what she looks like! She maybe a raving carnike for all I know!" Blaze protested. 

"You don't <em>have</em> to do anything, Blaze. Whether you become a kindred pair or not is ultimately up to you, isn't it? There have been kindred pairs who've hated each other, sometimes even on their first meeting. Choice is ultimately the most important thing," she said. 

Later that night, Jie Er came into their tent and began to remove her day clothes. It was normal, so Blaze didn't think much of it. However, Jie Er did not bother to put on her shift as she joined him in bed. 

She placed a palm over the tent in his shorts and spoke, "Since this is <em>my</em> fault and we are taking a break from training, I guess I should take care of it." 

"Aunty..." Blaze whispered unsurely, a trace of fear flashing through his eyes. 

Jie Er placed a hand over his heart and spoke to him with gentle eyes, "There is nothing to fear. You don't have to fear for me or for yourself, not around me. And, I will never fear you." 

Through her hand, Jie Er felt his heartbeat dither, as varying emotions flicked over his face. Logic and the soft comfort of her hand over his heart managed to calm him. Despite his inhibitions, blue balls were a real thing, so he slowly relented. 

Jie Er lowered her head to his shorts and pulled them down with her teeth. Blaze's heartbeat once again intensified, but for very different reasons than before. His prick sprang up from his shorts and hit Jie Er in the nostrils. She took in his smell before wrapping her mouth around him. 

She sucked him dry before pulling off his clothes and mounting him. She then rode him into blissful ecstasy. 

oOo 

The young angels of Puhar once again gathered to play their flyball game the next day. But before they could begin, one of the younger angels brought out a page of the Aranyan Weekly. 

"Mythili, look at this," the younger angel said, giving the paper to the black-haired ivka. The rest of the inquisitive angels surrounded them. The article was about the Blazing Fury and Sky. 

"We've read this Naina," Mythili told the girl. 

"Yes. But take a good look at the Blazing Fury!" she said excitedly. 

The picture wasn't very clear, and it took a moment for Mythili to connect the features. "Pegasi Whiskers! Did we play flyball with <em>the</em> Blazing Fury?" she said confounded. 

"I think so!" 

"This is awesome. We even beat her at Flyball. That's something we can tell our grandkids. She was such a cool kid, too. I hope she'll come to see us again." 

"I kinda like those clothes she wears. Do you know where I can get something like that?" Naina wanted to know. 

oOoOo 

<strong>Author's Note</strong>: I was not a fan of writing that Jie Er scene, but I felt it was necessary for the plot. I do not wish to write many more of them. Please try not to appraise the chapter for that one scene. 

On the other hand, tell me the truth. How many of you enjoyed Blaze's training misery this chapter? You sadistic people! Haha, jk. You don't have to tell me anything. 

How was the training montage and Blaze's 'descent into madness'? Up to expectations? Feel free to share your thoughts. 

I've never been expressly emotional, so I have no idea how I managed to write that scene. 

Disclaimer: I've never had snake before and I don't know how they taste. Don't eat them unless necessary. 

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong> 

Q. Freak! Is Blaze going to be a Thanos with two gauntlets? 

A. Is that even a question? Muhahahahaha. Jk. Blaze is still a good chap. Well, I guess Thanos is too, if not for his madness. 

Q. Is that it about who Jie Er is? Kinda disappointing... 

A. You only came to know about Jie Er's mom. Not who Jie Er is :P. 

Q. Is the clothing business gonna be a get rich scheme for Blaze? 

A. Not really. It's a logical business venture born out of things falling in place. It will be successful, but it won't be making anyone a billionaire overnight. 

Q. Why didn't the people of Puhar recognize him? 

A. Why should they? They are still not that used to his face. He has only been in the paper a couple of times. Why would they expect him to be in Puhar? If he was in a larger city however, I think he maybe be recognized sooner. 

Q. Isn't Blaze a little too emotional? He has cried twice in the series. 

A. Maybe. But he has only cried in front of Jie Er and both times it was because he felt he had hurt her badly. 

Q. Will Blaze be an archangel soon? (MasterPD) 

A. I guess I wasn't able to properly convey how powerful an archangel is. Jie Er is currently an archangel and she is very powerful even with a pair of diseased wings. A twenty-year-old archangel will be story breaking. The ass whooping Blaze received from Jie Er in this chapter should shed some light on how much stronger her needs to get. 

Let's see if I can put it in an analogy using sport. If Deities are professional players, Archangels are at varsity college level. Elyssa will be participating at a high school level. Blaze is equivalent to a badass grade schooler competing in a tournament with middle school kids. He can hardly fight against strong angels, let alone archangels. 

Will Blaze be an arch? Yes, but not yet. He may even be a Deva someday, but that's too far away. 

Q. Such intense training! How is the tournament going to be? 

A. There is at least one intermediate chapter, but yes the tournament will better than anything I've written thus far (in my opinion at least). Might not have as much sexual content though. But that won't stop me from trying to sneak in some titillating scenes. 

Q. Do you travel on dragon farts? What do you even eat to make do much gas? What happens if you're near a star when you fart? What if you fart on a planet so small that the wind carries the farts back to you? (DrasticXplorer) 

A. No, I don't travel on farts, but I <em>can</em>. I eat stars -- they are pretty gassy. If I fart on a star, it becomes bigger. No planet will survive any fart of mine. Be grateful I don't fart on yours. 

<strong>Response to Comments:</strong> 

A lot more of you read that bit about the spy than I intended or expected. So, who's the spy? Not tellin'. 

Thank you all for your unwavering interest and support. 

<em>ReaderReaderfic:</em> I hope both Jie Er's strength and her training was up to your satisfaction :P. 

<em>Wankr65:</em> I hope I am gonna legit scare you with what happens in the tournament. <em>Teach</em> the Cardinal of the Malakim? She is a bit much for the current Blaze. But rest assured, the Malakim will get their due (Winks), though it may not be for a while. Btw, what do you think of gauntlets? They are not heavy swords, but I swear you'll find them cool when they are really used. 

<em>Lothran1252:</em> You wanted a hammer, but you got gauntlets. Not just one but two -- Thanos is a chump in front of our Blaze. Muhahahaha. Jk -- Blaze isn't evil. But you have the right idea about Blaze's fighting style, I think. Stormbreaker is very cool, but I may or may not use it's design. 

<em>Anonymous:</em> Hey Rumpel. I am slowly heading towards a crisis that will bring them closer (at least in the minds of the reader). Ely and Blaze are already very close. It's just that they've developed their friendship through simply spending time together and it doesn't show in the excitement of the chapters. 

<em>MasterPD (Patrick):</em> Elyssa is one character I will be exploring the emotional aspects of a relationship before even beginning anything physical. I hope to make it the greatest romance that I can write. But it will be slow, and Ely will always be his best friend. 

The current arc will be ending in a few chapters, so I cannot introduce a random demon at this point. However, as I revealed it in my response to comments last chapter, Blaze has already met a demon -- he just doesn't know it yet. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
I answered your other question in the Q&amp;A. Hope to see you around in the comments. 

<em>Aisielynn:</em> I hope you've continued to read after chapter 10. How did you find the chapter where Jie Er and Blaze reconcile? Thank you for telling me that my story appeals to at least one female. And yes, the story and characters have come to mean a lot more to me than the sex scenes -- those just spice things up :P. Who's your fav character thus far? I am gonna guess Astrid, cause I took a gander at your profile (I do that with all my commenters ðŸ˜). Blades -- eh? I think you'll like Astrid, if you've managed to reach chapter 14. Personally, I am terrified of blades, but hey - people have their quirks. And so does Astrid. 

Priscilla is not so bad. Have you met Cardinal Tudor? 

<em>Finbar9000</em>: All I will tell you is that the spy is not someone who Blaze only knows in the passing. She won't show herself until the next arc, so I can't let her be revealed so soon. 

You were right, those two scenes were written to appeal to a wider audience. It won't happen too much, but I won't shy away from it occasionally. 

I know that it doesn't seem true when it is comes from someone who's been writing pages and pages of erotica, but I am quite vanilla. So, my primary focus will always be geared towards being pleasant. 

Good catch about the usage of 'him'. I did intend it with Fiora, but where does Clio call Blaze a he/him? Or did you mean Alice? If it is Clio than it is a typo. 

Splash was clearly in the scene. You may have misread her name for Sky. Happens sometimes. Read it again :P. 

As always, thank you so much for your support. Your words are heartening to hear. 

<em>HornyMythicCreature:</em> (or is it HornyMinotaur:)) Did you read my answer in the Q&amp;A section? I only told you to take it as artistic license if you didn't find my answer satisfactory. 

I did delve much into Rebecca's mindset over Aurnia because I just don't think it is important enough to include in the story. (if it's important, it will be made evident in the later chapters). 

As I said in Q&amp;A before - Rebecca's view maybe have been influenced by a bit of instinctual protectiveness, jealousy, and disgust. 

We can certainly discuss it more, but if we end up disagreeing, I hope you can continue to read my work, as that scene is not wholly relevant to the central plot. (Send me an email if you wish. It's hard to communicate over Lit messages) 

Also, Blaze <em>was</em> tempted over Aurnia - he gets a raging boner and 'borrows' Rebecca's help to get rid of it. I could've made him the one who was hesitant towards Aurnia -- but that seems a bit of a stretch for his character as well. I personally think it works better with Rebecca. 

I don't claim to be a perfect author, but I haven't been "lazy" with the plot since around chapter 5, which is when I started to become serious with the story. I do try to question everything I write. But sometimes, certain things are simply sexier (for me). That scene was a bit of a stretch of fantasy, yes, but I don't believe it's completely against the central logic of the story - at least in my mind. 

Thank you for your frankness. 

<em>Jpzahren</em>: I am just gonna say this. OMG Ahren! It's like you can almost read my mind. You've got a brain as sharp as an ahren's eyes (:P). 

As this chapter proves it, you were spot on with Jie Er's training methods. 

But I think you know that your guesses maybe right on more than just that. (I am not going to confirm anything). 

I think you somehow even managed to read into Alice's outro words, which I didn't think anyone would. But Blaze is still going to be a badass character though. Just won't be doing everything. He is real and has his flaws, which he may or may not eventually overcome, but the struggle will be real. 

More Occam's razor, Yin and Yang, rather than the Wizard's First Rule, I think. But I guess they all go hand in hand. 

I am glad you took Elyssa's statement for what it is. Neither she or Blaze will ever be able to truly escape from the world or the responsibilities that come with their power/status. 

Response to PS: Unfortunately, I have no idea about that reference. I tried. I can only surmise it has something to do with a cross-alien/hybrid story? I've only read one erotica ever, besides mine :P. What do you think of mermaids :P? 

Or perhaps it is a reference to my vague use of colors and virtues/sins. 

PS: Haven't read any Terry Goodkind, sadly. 

This dragon appreciates your kind words, from somewhere in space and time. Don't worry, I am not going to stop this section as long as even a few of you take the time to read it. And it looks like some of you read almost everything I write :P.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 17|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Pre-Chapter Notes:</strong> I apologize for the delay in posting this chapter. I got caught up with things irl and was also slightly distracted by a game. Writing the in-between chapters before the grand finale of this arc is also proving to be harder than expected. To Anon -- the game is LoL TFT 

This chapter is sort of a filler, but as Finbar noticed in the previous chapter, I am trying to make each chapter stand out on its own, while still being connected and relevant to the entire story. I have DankMemez, my previous, editor to thank for giving me that mindset. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. 

Congrats to JpzAhren, for being able to figure out both the songs hidden inside last chapter. 150 Azra El points for him! Momo says that he didn't get the second one, but I believe he did. 

The two songs were '<em>Crazy' by Gnarls Barkley, and 'Somewhere Only We Know' by Keane</em>. There are plenty of random references in the current chapter, ranging from philosophy to cartoons. Each one you can find will earn you 5 points. It's just for fun but I am keeping score. Haha. 

<strong>Editors:</strong> Chris Anow and DrasticXplorer aka Ser PervertedXplorer. They are doing great work. 

<strong>Special Thanks to all my patrons:</strong> <em>BLiz, Eliyahu Bogart, Mike Siegmund, Dark Chaos, Max Lambon, RogueXVII,</em> <em>Matt Miller,</em> <em>Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal, Will Shaddox</em> for supporting my work thus far. 

Soon I may only be able include the names of my newest patrons, but that's a good thing :P. 

<strong>Obligatory Warning:</strong> Only two sex scenes in this chapter. DrasticXplorer made quite a significant contribution in spicing up the first one. 

<strong>Character Descriptions (relevant to the chapter)</strong> 

<strong>Class 1A</strong> 

<strong><em>Aahna Maitreya</em></strong>: A cheerful, talkative, and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the de facto class representative of Class 1A. She is a cute, violet haired angel with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder-length hair and is around 5'2". 

<strong><em>Bi</em></strong> <strong><em>Tru'ng</em></strong>: A lanky, black-haired, unassuming girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes and a shy countenance. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6". 

<strong><em>Rachel Arianrhod</em></strong>: She is a confident &amp; combative kid, with boyish short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. 

Her mother is a knight captain in the Cloud Nine regiment, and thus, she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She doesn't like Pixies. 

<strong><em>Nina</em></strong>: A blonde ponytailed angel who is good at sports. She is a decent pitcher in Flyball and is quite good at Troinet. 

<strong><em>Kida</em></strong>: A black haired girl with Japanese features. She is a good batter in Flyball, and amazing at arts and crafts. She is the one who makes the figurines that Blaze uses to scare Badava. 

<strong><em>Afriel</em></strong><strong>:</strong> One of the Malakim Seven of Class 1A. She dislikes Siofra but seems to have made up with her other classmates. She is an amazing flyball pitcher. 

<strong>Class 4A</strong> 

<strong><em>Priscilla Ainsworth</em></strong>: Former Houri and Siofra's initial classmate, Blaze first met her at Varan's fair. She was representing Tir academy, along with her teacher Uriel. 

She is a brunette with long hair held in two ostentatious pigtails. She is quite beautiful, with brilliant blue eyes, long lashes, a perfect nose, and pouty red lips. 

However, her beauty is too perfect and is a thinly veiled faÃ§ade to her arrogance and scorn. Her wings are beautiful, white and radiant. 

<strong>Other Characters:</strong> 

<strong>Nikolett Lovag:</strong> The Malakim's chosen and Blaze's rival in the tournament. She is the one the Malakim have put forth as the candidate to become Sky's rider. 

<strong>Valinna Storm:</strong> Famous smith. The one who made Elyssa's spear that she purchased in the auction from chapter 5. Her apprentice Thyra makes Blaze's new gauntlets. 

<strong>Tonya Falhoffnir:</strong> Claudis's daughter. Blaze has not made his best impression on her. 

Enjoy the Chapter! 

<em>We want to affect the world, not merely interpret it -</em> Manjushri Yiddam on the eve of being appointed as the wise one of the Ophanim. A young reporter asks her about the similarities between the Ophanim and the Chayot. The Ophanim seek wisdom while the Chayot seek knowledge and enlightenment. 

Chapter 17 

"Blaze! Are you okay?" a worried voice cried out of the jade stone voice projector. "Where are you?" she breathed. 

The afternoon after his visit to Puhar, Blaze finally decided to call Elyssa. Jie Er had gone easy on him that morning and simply allowed him to experience the results of his training. 

As they circled around Mt. Raivataka, twelve thousand feet of cool, mountain air separating them from the land below that morning, he didn't feel as enervated as the first time they'd started training. 

Even after a few laps, he had enough energy to continue practicing on his wing forms, before working on his new Blazing Pirouette. However, the latest version was not up to Blaze's satisfaction, as it was not flashy enough and did not live up to its name. It was a lot more practical and effective though. 

After a lunch of fowl soup and berries courtesy of Jeffery, Jie Er had flown off to Puhar to purchase a couple of bardiches while Blaze stayed back to get some rest from the morning's training. Jefferey came back in Jie Er's absence and Blaze was currently leaning against his mountain of fur. 

"Sorry, Ely. I am fine. Just training near Puhar," he answered, feeling guilty about ignoring her calls over the past few days. His free hand scratched under the Arctot's fluffy belly and the massive bear let out a satisfied growl. 

"Then why didn't you pick up your VP?! Did you leave it somewhere?" 

"No..." 

"Then you should've left me a message saying that you were busy!" 

"Yes, Blaze Er," Anastasia's voice chimed from nearby. "She was planning on bringing a battalion in search of you and your aunt." 

Silverware tinkled along with her voice and Blaze presumed they were still having lunch. 

"I am sorry, Ely. I was dealing with stuff and I did not feel like talking to anyone. I should've called ..." 

"What do you mean? Wait, let me go to my room and we can talk in privacy. Mum is being nosy," she said, but Blaze couldn't imagine the prim and proper Duchess eavesdropping on their conversation. 

Blaze heard her walk across the hallway and climb the steps to her room on the second floor. 

"So, tell me," she said after her door clicked shut. 

"I don't really want to talk about it, Ely." 

"Quetzal Shit!" she exclaimed, making Blaze chuckle, albeit a little poignantly; Sky did poop a lot, and he had never heard Elyssa curse before. "Would you leave it be if something was bothering me?" 

Blaze sighed. "The training kinda messed with my head, Ely. Its related to me being an Unnatural, and I did something to Aunt Jie Er for which I will probably never forget or forgive myself for the rest of my life," he said. "And, it makes me feel like I really am a demon." 

"I take back my curse from before. I think now is the more appropriate time to say, <em>Quetzal Shit</em>!" 

Blaze laughed. Elyssa wasn't the best at making jokes, but he couldn't feel down while speaking with her. 

"You know what I think makes an angel, Blaze?" she asked after pausing for a moment. 

"What?" 

"Feeling remorse over your actions and being able to correct them. There is also an excerpt I remember from a book I read. 'Imagine yourself flying over the savannah with a rifle in hand. You spot a lone, unsuspecting animal grazing by itself. Seeing the creature may evoke the innate hunter instinct in the best of us. You simply want to put it in your crosshairs and shoot. Bag the kill! 

'Herein lies the difference between a demon and an angel. A demon would shoot, no matter the circumstance. An angel would follow her instinct only if she needs to kill the animal for sustenance.'" 

<em>But I did let myself be taken over by my instinct, though I wasn't conscious</em>, Blaze thought. 

"Besides, if you're a demon, what do we make of the Malakim?" 

"It's not that simple, Ely..." he said, poking at the ash in the fireplace. "What would you do if I turned out to be a demon?" he asked her after a moment. 

"Nothing," she said almost instantly. "Well, if you go on a rampage and become an evil overlord of some kind, then I'd be there to kick your butt into shape. But I still don't think it will change the fact that you're my best friend," she mused after a moment. 

Blaze chuckled. His response wouldn't have been much different if Elyssa was the one who had posed the question. "Ah, whatever! If I turn out to be a demon, I will just go conquer the demons and put an end to the Goddamned war," he proclaimed, hoping to put an end to the conversation. 

"You better bring me along," Ely warned him. "That sounds like it would be fun." 

"Obviously," he laughed. "Anyway, that was a nice passage, before. Where is it from?" 

"It's a really old book. 'Good vs Evil' by Diotima Ayn. It's a good read even if I don't really agree with her philosophy," Ely replied. 

"Oh? What does she say?" 

"She posits a hypothesis about how good and evil, angels and demons are manifestations of light and dark energies. Negative emotions attract dark energy, while positive emotions attract the light. That is why angels who may do bad things without realizing it, do not get tainted. Anyway, ultimately, she tries to explain why demons are such slaves to their desires and emotions while the angels, even at their worst moments, can think of others," she explained, but the hint of scorn in her voice was evident to Blaze. 

"You don't seem to think too much of her theories," he stated. 

"Not really. She has some good things to say, but a lot of it is based on presumption and an oversimplification of things. I do not think she ever met a demon in her lifetime, either. It is all her perspective, and she uses unverifiable assumptions to justify her logic. It feels very much like circular reasoning. 

"Well, most philosophies are that way, anyway," she continued, her tone slightly rising in pitch as words and her thoughts continued to flow unabated. "Partial philosophies rising from partial experiences of people with limited access to the world around them. 

"But, I guess it applies to everyone, really. We can only hypothesize based on our own experiences or our interpretation of someone else's experience. An interpretation of an interpretation of an interpretation. That is how most of us try to attain meaning in our lives. 

"Anyway, ultimately, I believe singular and ideological philosophies are worthless if they do not achieve the world you want to witness," she finished with a sigh, taking a deep breath. 

"Elyssa!" 

"Right, sorry. I went off on a tangent there. I doubt I made any sense," she apologized. She had included too many of her thoughts in too few words. 

"That was brilliant! Marry me," he joked. Her random words may not have made much sense to most, but he held similar ideas, and her words gave the nebulosity of his thoughts a concrete shape. 

"Marry?" 

"Nevermind. It's a reference from the other world." 

The rest of their conversation devolved into a philosophical discussion before Blaze brought up another topic. "Ely, guess who Aunty Jie Er's mother is!?" It was pretty cool to have a deity as a grandmother, even if she was an adopted one. 

"Vida Veles Lokra?" she guessed. Unlike him, Ely's memory was flawless, and she remembered their conversation from the library. 

"Yep!" 

*** 

Jie Er returned by midafternoon and they went up the mountain once again. 

"If a glaive is a sword on a pole, a bardiche is an axe on a pole," she said, bringing out a couple of bardiches while they hovered over the snow at eleven thousand feet. "They are excellent for making medium-ranged chopping attacks and their sharp, spiky heads can be used for thrusting. They are a good choice of weapon for mounted angels but can also be pretty nifty in case you have been unmounted." 

She gave the weapons a once over before tossing one to Blaze. The wooden pole was around six feet long and its broad blade was almost three feet by itself, narrowing down to a spear-like tip. Though it was blunted, the weapon still looked wicked, and that excited him. 

"Are we going to be fighting with these from now on?" he asked, giving the weapon a swing. The weight of the weapon sent his swing wide, forcing him to wildly flap his wings to keep himself steady. The bardiche was much more top heavy than his glaive. 

"No," Jie Er replied with a slight smile. "You will be learning to fight <em>against</em> them. Besides, they are too big for your size." 

"<em>Niki Lovag</em> uses them." 

"She has years of practice with a bardiche and could also be taller than you. Bardiches are not an easy weapon to wield whilst flying on your own. More so when the blade is longer and heavier. Valinna gave me the impression that the axe-head of Nikolett's bardiche is much bigger than these. 

"The only reason I see to use such a weapon is to cut clean through an opponent's mount or cleave a <em>Quetzal's</em> wings. I reckon it implies that Nikolett is completely focussed on becoming a knight. 

"It is not an ideal weapon for unmounted battles. If she has defeated her peers using this weapon while unmounted, it just proves that she is extremely talented. It is probably one of the reasons why she has received such unwavering support from the other societies. 

"However, they do not seem to recognize something that is equally important for a rider. Sky is not an unintelligent animal. The bond between you and him cannot be replaced, and this fact alone makes you worthy of being the first angelic Quetzal rider," she explained. 

Though he had heard Claudis stress on the importance of the relationship between a rider and her mount innumerable times, hearing it from Jie Er made him happy. 

He gave the bardiche another swing. If he considered his glaive to be unwieldy, the bardiche was a few steps above it. It made him wonder why Nikolett would even choose such a weapon in an unmounted fight. <em>Wouldn't using a spear be easier and better?</em> 

"What weapon would you choose against Nikolett?" Jie Er asked him once he put the weapon in his space ring. 

"I am not sure. I could use a glaive but I think I will simply be outmatched in skill. The two weapons are too similar," he replied, remembering his first bout with Siofra. He had made the mistake of choosing a rapier, the weapon she was best at. "I think I should just go with my bat and use energy manipulation to create suitable weapons on the go." 

He had already given it some thought. The best plan he could come up with was to use a short-ranged weapon to deflect her attacks, and then try to get inside her range. 

"Good. Shall we try it?" Jie Er smiled, pointing the polearm at him. 

Blaze pulled out his viridian bat and took up a defensive stance. He had been put to the ground by Jie Er one too many times to care about trickery. All he wanted from the fight was to figure out ways to improve. Strangely, losing to her never bothered him. He even felt competitive against Rebecca, but never with Jie Er. 

Noticing that he didn't lunge at her like usual, Jie Er decided to charge at him instead. Her horizontal flying speed was better than his, even with the wind blowing against her. 

Blaze hovered and watched. Patience, that had been drilled into him over the past ten days, stopped him from recklessly lunging at her 

Her bardiche came upon him diagonally from left to right. Anticipating the force of the swing, Blaze steadied his wings and parried with his bat. 

The force of the attack sent him flying through the air about twenty feet backwards, and he quickly used the momentum to turn around and dive away from Jie Er. 

However, the next attack came down on him even before he could get away from her. The blade slammed into his left-wing shoulder and sent him tumbling to the ground. 

A moment later, he was once again crawling out of a snow-hole. 

"We are just getting started," Jie Er spoke from the air. In battle, she seemed to lose all her gentleness. 

"I know," he said, shaking off the snow and jumping back up. 

<em>I get knocked down, but I get up again. You're never gonna keep me down.</em> 

<em>I get knocked down, but I get up again. You're never gonna keep me down.</em> 

<em>I'll be singing, when I'll be winning,</em> he sang in his head, as he rushed towards her, hoping to simply parry her blow with his bat and get inside her guard. 

Jie Er twirled the bardiche over her head and slashed at him in an arc. He met it with his bat but was once again thrown away by the sheer force of her swing. 

Hovering, she simply waited for him to steady himself. She had already proven than she could finish him off when she wanted. 

He charged at her again, and just before the bardiche came down, he swerved out of its path to the left. However, the weapon changed direction, and was onto him in a fraction of a second. He took the blow on his hardened wing and was sent rolling through the air once again. 

"Why are you so good even with a damned bardiche!?" he yelled at her in frustration. He had wanted to use her blow against his wing to swivel around her and swing the bat at her head from behind, but the force of her strike had been too strong. How could he maneuver or throw a counter when she was so darned fast? 

"Because my mother taught me the same way I am teaching you. I had to learn to fight against all weapons. You can't help but become somewhat proficient at using a weapon that you have been beaten down with one too many times. I never liked <em>her</em> methods, but they worked on me, and they should work for you," she answered. 

<em>Seriously, I'd hate to think what sort of a granny Vida would've been if she was still alive.</em> Though angels did not become decrepit, he imagined an old coot hammering on his head with a an equally crooked stick. 

"Use your wings and your flexibility!" she told him the same words that she must have repeated a hundred times. 

"I am!" 

"Not in the way you're supposed to!" was all he got as a reply. Jie Er liked making him figure out things before she explained the more intricate details. 

A little frustrated, he decided to use a reckless move. With the bat pointing towards her, he shot at her from above. As he neared the angel, he wrapped his hardened wings around his body and dropped down at her like a spinning bullet. 

Jie Er swung the bardiche to divert the bat but Blaze suddenly opened his wings and <em>pitched</em> up to block the glaive against his shin, while simultaneously using the momentum from his rotation to swing his bat at her. Jie Er dodged back, but before she could do anything, she found a hardened wing coming at her neck. She hastily blocked it with the butt of her bardiche. 

Blaze wasn't done, however. He used the bat and wing as leverage to spin around and throw a kick at her face. The blade of Jie Er's weapon came from below and hit his leg away from her. Robbed of his balance, Blaze careened to the ground like a downed fly. He barely managed to regain control and land on his feet as he hit the ground. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
He glanced up at Jie Er. 

"That was good!" she praised him. 

"Good? I thought you'd say it was reckless!" 

"It's only reckless if you haven't practiced it enough," she smiled at him, with a glint in her eye. 

Blaze groaned. He had begun to dislike that particular smile of hers 

*** 

Over the next week, Blaze made sure to give Elyssa a call whenever he was free and they talked about a lot of things. He learnt that the Malakim were finally making moves to undermine his claim for the Quetzal. They seemed to be insinuating that he was a naÃ¯ve young angel with a penchant for rashness, qualities not suitable for a knight. Blaze couldn't disagree more. <em>I like pretending to be naÃ¯ve, and maybe I am a tad hormonal but I am not rash!</em> 

The Aranyan Weekly, however, was trying its best to support Blaze. It highlighted the importance of the connection between a rider and a mount, and extolled the bond Sky had with Blaze. Its papers were littered with first hand accounts of Pegasi knights speaking about their friendship with their steeds. 

Elyssa also told him that Agatha had contacted Astrid. The Countess had been quite excited about working on the more fashionable side of the clothing line. <em>Astrid, don't corrupt my brand! It's for kids!</em> 

As for training, it went on as usual. However, Jie Er did not <em>frustrate</em> him like before. When things got tough, she let him settle his heat. That made the training much more bearable, and he was able to think over what he was learning, instead of just going through the motions. 

Jie Er realized that Blaze was a natural at fighting. He could pick up any weapon and use it with some proficiency but she knew that mastery of any weapon would take time and effort that he didn't currently have, but could come later. Thus, she wanted to focus on fully bringing out his innate ability by pushing him against the barrier of his limits. 

She refused to go easy on him, and as a result, he didn't even come close to landing a hit on her. However, as the Goddess of clichÃ©s seemed to deem fit, he managed to clip her shoulder on the last day before they headed back to Tir. 

It was a stormy evening, with dark clouds looming over the horizon and around the mountain. Thunder struck the land with resounding booms and blinding glares, scattering the birds and animals of the forest surrounding the foothills of Mt. Raivataka. The sun was about to set, and behind the dark skies, it appeared as a beautiful but overbearing orange. 

As it was the final day of their training, Blaze fought against Jie Er with renewed vigor. A few minutes into their duel, lightning struck half a yonder behind him. A silvery glow surrounded them as Jie Er was momentarily blinded. 

Taking the opportunity, he zoomed towards her like a God of thunder, and swung his club from above using one hand. Sensing his attack, she held her bardiche horizontally over her head and weathered the blow. 

Blaze used his free hand to grab onto the shaft and tried pulling it away, but as soon as she felt his hand, Jie Er spun the bardiche around. He tightened his grip and let her spin him in the air. 

As he spun, he chucked away his bat, and used his hardened wings as levers to swing his body behind her. He grabbed her left wing with both hands, and pushed against her back with his feet, making sure she couldn't fly. 

Jie Er struggled as gravity took over and she fell towards the snow. Ten feet off the ground, Blaze pushed off her back and came into a hover, as Jie Er crashed into the snow on her feet. <em>Seismic Toss!</em> 

Blaze was jubilant. Jie Er had finally joined the ranks of the innumerable Blazing snow-holes. 

"Excellent!" she said, looking up with a happy smile on her face. "I guess that ends this time's training on a positive note." 

"But that was just luck!" Blaze protested. If not for the lightning, his result would have been no different than the past twenty days. 

"Maybe so, but you used your wings, your weapon, your flexibility, and your ingenuity. All in one move. I think that is the essence of what I was trying to make you learn. Let's go celebrate with a nice dinner at Puhar. Duel with your friends at school, I am sure you will notice the difference," Jie Er explained, brushing the snow from her body. 

Blaze wasn't too convinced, but decided not to voice his thoughts. "Can we have some Xianian food?" He had noticed a Xianian restaurant at Puhar and had been craving to try it. 

"Of course, dear. Let's clear out our campsite before we head to town. We can sleep at an inn tonight." 

"Auntie, can we make a stop here tomorrow? I want to leave Jefferey a gift." 

The two angels took no time in clearing up their campsite before they were ready. As they manifested their wings, Blaze gazed at the clearing that had been their home for the past three weeks. An intense wave of nostalgia washed over him as he looked at the rocky projection, the fallen tree, and the remnants of their fireplace. 

<em>Somewhere only we know.</em> 

There had been ebbs and surges in his training, and at times, he had hated the place. However, Mt. Raivataka was a breathtaking place that would never be erased from his memory. He knew the paths like the back of his hand from the time he'd spent exploring, whenever he had a little time for himself. 

Bending down, he felt the cold earth, damp from the slight drizzle that had begun, and remembered the time he sat by the stream, staring into its hurried flow down the mountain. It was a couple of days after his visit to Puhar. 

In this moment, he realized how much he loved Jie Er. True, it was complicated because he had begun to see her as a true parent, and could not reconcile with all the sex he was having with her. But, he was trying and learning to do justice to both aspects of their relationship. For that, he had to come to terms with things himself, as Jie Er couldn't understand the complexity and emotions of Earthly relationships. 

He took a deep breath of the mountain air and exhaled loudly, before taking off ahead of Jie Er. 

The two angels quickly flew back to town and found the Xian restaurant. They ordered a couple of noodle bowls, fried rice, and a side dish of string beans. 

"Where can I buy a lot of mamgi?" he asked the waitress when she came back to serve their food. 

"How many do you want?" she asked with a knowing smile. Their town's mamgi were well known for their unique sweetness. 

"4 or 5 dozen." 

"Oh, then you should try your luck at the town center in the morning, but you'd be sure to get them if you visit the keeper who lives in the mamgi groves." 

The Xianian food did not taste like he had expected. He was craving for some salty food, but it proved to be otherwise. However, it was still delicious, and the two angels had a good meal before they found an inn to spend the night. It felt good to finally sleep in a real bed. 

"Blaze Er," Jie Er said to him as she held him against her bosom that night. "What do you want to be when you grow up?" 

<em>I am already grown up</em>, he protested in his mind. "What do you want me to be, aunty?" he asked her in return. 

"Anything you want to be. I am just curious to know what you wish to do in the future." 

"I am not entirely sure, aunty. I told the Wise One of the Ophanim that I wanted to be good at everything - knowledge, wisdom, and skill. I think that's what I am going to aim for." 

"What do you think of power and responsibility?" she asked softly. 

"Don't really care much for it. You know I am a lazy chap. I would rather have fun, learn, and spend time with people I care about." 

"I thought so," she smiled at him. "But Blaze Er, the world may not always allow you to be so carefree. Just being the first angelic Quetzal rider will bring you both power and responsibility, and you may not be able to shirk the duties that come along with them. I do not want you to do that either." 

"Aunty..." 

"I am not telling to change who you are. I am also not asking you to give up on Sky, but you do need to think about such things. I will support you with whatever you decide. If you do not choose to be Sky's rider, we may even be able to strike a deal with the Malakim to have you meet him regularly," she told him. 

"I am not giving Sky away, aunty. He is mine. As for any responsibility that comes with owning him, I will take it on. I may be disinclined towards duty, but I wouldn't neglect it. I would rather take all the responsibility in the world rather than lose someone I love. You know that, don't you?" 

"I know. I just wanted to make sure," she said. "For both our sakes," she muttered under her breath. 

*** 

Early the next morning, after purchasing two sacks of mamgi, Jie Er asked their carriage driver to take a quick detour to Mt. Raivataka. 

Blaze had once followed Jefferey to see where he lived, so he had a rough idea of where he would find him. 

"I will stay in the carriage. Do not go into its cave," Jie Er warned him before he jumped off the hovering carriage. 

Jefferey's lair was a large rocky opening in the side of the mountain. The cave was deep and its insides very dark. Blaze couldn't make out anything inside it, except the smells of dead animals and berries wafting from its depths. 

"Jeffery!" he called out, landing twenty feet away from the cave entrance. He got no response. "I am leaving, and I got you something. Come out!" he called out again. He always got the feeling that Jefferey understood him to a certain extent. 

A few moments later, the lumbering bear beast rambled out of its cave. He looked at Blaze and gave him an irritated growl, warning him to keep away. 

"Don't be a tart!" he said, using Aahna's goto swear word. "You come to my place all the time but I cannot visit yours?" he asked the animal as if he expected it to understand his words. 

The Arctot growled again, a low rumbling growl that scattered the nearby birds. "Fine, have it your way. It stinks, anyway. I probably won't like it inside," he said before bringing out a sack of mamgi. 

"These are for you. As a thank you for all the berries and company, you provided me these past few days. You helped me in more ways than one, Jefferey," he told it sincerely, before placing the sack on the ground. 

Jefferey slowly cantered up to him on all fours and sniffed at the sack before flopping down on his behind and opening it. He seemed to like what he saw as he began rolling around the mamgi, as if checking for bad fruit. Blaze walked up to him and placed a palm on his head, between the two massive branch-like antlers. The arctot was now quite used to his touchy-feely nature. Jefferey let him brush his mane for a little while before it gave a snort, rolled up the sack, and got up on two feet. 

He placed the bag on his shoulder and turned around, giving him one final look and a little grunt, before walking back into his cave like an old codger. 

Blaze shook his head. The bear was hilarious, and it reminded him a bit of his grandpa. 

*** 

By Sunday afternoon, their carriage was back in Varan, where they found Rebecca waiting for them. Blaze got out of the carriage to talk to her before he continued his journey to school. They had originally intended for the training to be over by the weekend, but his inability to land a hit on Jie Er had extended their stay. 

"How do you make friends with the wildest of creatures?" Rebecca asked in astonishment as he told her about Jefferey. "Carnike, Quetzal, Arctot," she said counting on her fingers. "What next? A Cerafent?" 

"Don't forget Splash," Blaze corrected her, brushing the otters head as it lay cuddled in his arms. 

oOo 

When Blaze returned to Tir that evening, he immediately flew to the Pegasi stables. Sky's new home was a wooden barn with its exterior covered in thick, hard bark that could be used by the bird to climb up the barn. 

Blaze landed in front of the of the coop's door. The words 'Sky's Home' were painted on it in cerulean blue. It wasn't the neatest of handwriting, but it somehow fit with the rustic barn and its surroundings. 

Peering inside, he found the coop to be quite spacious, with numerous wooden perches and a large straw bed. It looked very comfortable, but the bird he was looking for was currently not residing in it. 

He turned around and found the stable doors open to reveal a sight he did not expect. Badava, the Pegasus, walked out the doorway with Siofra on her back, and a massive bird perched on the pixie's shoulder. 

The tawny and white colors of the Pegasus, Siofra's orange, and Sky's cerulean made for a flamboyant yet pretty sight. The pixie was dressed in a green skirt and a tight, full sleeved white blouse that made her look very prim. 

However, the image didn't last for long as Sky took off from her perch and zipped towards him, barreling into his chest and knocking him over. 

"Ow ow ow," Blaze cried as the bird wrapped his soft feathery wings around his face and rapped on his forehead with his beak, before proceeding to hold his face between his peckers and lick him all over his face. 

"I am sorry Sky," he told the bird, brushing his tail feathers. "I am back, for now." 

It took a minute or two for the bird to calm down, before Blaze pried him off his face. Setting him on his lap, he began to soothingly brush the feathers behind his crest. "What are <em>you</em> doing here?" he asked Siofra. 

Her apparent comfort with the usually taciturn animals mystified him. If he remembered correctly, Sky had not cared too much for Siofra's attention when he first came to Tir, and he had never perched on anyone else's shoulder besides his. Meanwhile, Badava still refused to let him ride her. 

"Claudis is feeding the Pegasi. I am helping her keep an eye on Sky - Tonya left yesterday. She is a nice angel, though she doesn't seem to like you very much," she answered as she got off the Pegasus. 

She gave a rap on Badava's rump to tell her that she was free to roam, but the animal stood her ground and eyed at Blaze. 

"Oh." 

Claudis walked out before he could question the pixie further. 

"Welcome back, Blaze. I hope your training has been fruitful," she said. "Siofra's been a great help. The Pegasi absolutely adore her, and so does Tonya," she said wiping her hands on a napkin. The top of her right arm was wrapped up in heavy bandages. 

"What happened?" he asked, looking at the cloth wraps. 

"It's nothing. Just a-" 

"Sky bit her," Siofra answered. 

"Sky!" Blaze cried, turning him around in his lap and staring angrily into his eyes. 

"It's not his fault Blaze," Claudis shook her head. "He was just very agitated when he realized that you were gone. He tried to get away and I tried to stop him. He bit me out of instinct. Thankfully, Siofra managed to calm him down." 

"I am really sorry Claudis," Blaze apologized before turning to Sky. "Bad Sky! You can't bite nice angels," he said, gently rapping him on his beak. Sky gave him a guilty coo. 

"It is alright, Blaze. I knew what I was getting into when I chose to take care of a Quetzal. The wound is not as bad it looks. I have received worse from their kind," she laughed. "Anyway, I will leave you lot to catch up. I have a few more chores to finish for the day," she said before going back inside. 

"Thank you, Claudis," he said and turned to Siofra as Claudis stepped back inside. "So, Sky likes you, eh? How did that happen?" 

He pulled out a couple of ripe mamgi from his space ring and tossed one to the pixie. She caught the fruit and turned it around for a moment, before putting it into her space ring. 

"I like them chilled and cut," she told him. "How was your training?" 

"Went well, I suppose. Learned a lot. I've got something to show you later. How about yours?" 

"Not too good. I can't seem to defeat Priscilla," she replied through gritted teeth. 

"You lost to Ms. Prissy?" Blaze asked her unbelievingly. His duels with the pixie had been mostly even, while he had easily won both his bouts against Priscilla. 

"You know she counters me! But, I still want to defeat her," she told him resolutely. "I fought her five times over the break and lost every time. The third time I lost, I was really distraught, and needed someone to talk to. So, I came here to find Sky. Just to play with him..." she said with a flurry of her slim hands. "I found him inside the coop, in a struggle with Claudis and Tonya. Claudis was bleeding all over the floor..." she said, her words tuckering away towards the end. 

<em>Maybe I will finally get a chance to find out if my healing works on physical wounds. Hehe.</em> 

"You managed to calm him down?" 

"I think he managed to calm himself down. I was just there at the right time," she shook her head. "I simply stepped in to help and he somehow ended up in my arms. I think by that time, he realized that he had hurt Claudis, so he calmed down and began to coo apologetically. It is amazing how he can show emotions with his voice," she said, giving the bird a look of wonder. 

"Thanks, Siof," he told her sincerely as he began to peel the mamgi. 

"No," she shook her head. "Sky has helped me more than I helped him. Just playing with him makes me feel better, and it gave me the conviction to train harder. You will be fighting against <em>Nikolett Lovag</em> in order to not lose him. Why should I be worried about a mere Priscilla? However, I <em>will</em> defeat her even if it is just to give you the confidence to defeat Nokolett," she said, pulling her skirt against the back of her thighs and sitting down in front of Blaze to caress Sky's back. 

Blaze pinched a bit of the flesh from the fruit and put it between the bird's open beak. The bird rolled it around with his tongue before flapping his wings in excitement, stirring up the dust around them. 

Blaze noticed Badava watching them as he fed the fruit to the bird, making him remember Rachel's words about jealousy. However, he immediately pushed the thought aside. It was a quick fix solution, and it was such thinking that made him mistreat the animal in the first place. 

He handed Sky to Siofra, and walked up to the tawny flying horse with wings of pure white and a magnificent red patch on his forehead. Badava eyed him with suspicion but did not retreat. 

Over the first quarter, Blaze had grown to like the Pegasus. The animal was temperamental at times, but she was a clever and sensitive animal. She had also become friends with Sky, despite most of the other Pegasi's instinctive aversion to the bird. The only other exception was Claudi's Gyrill. But she was a war Pegasi, and had faced off against Quetzals on battlefields. 

He pulled out another mamgi from his space ring and presented it to the creature. Her nostrils flared as she grunted and sniffed at the fruit; she liked apples, but a mamgi would do just fine. 

A long tongue rolled out of her mouth and took the mamgi whole. She chewed the fruit for a while, before spitting the seed out with a mighty grunt. It flew to the place where Blaze had previously chucked the other seed. 

She gave him happy neigh before nudging at his hand for more. 

"Sorry buddy, I only have a few more and sixty ravenous classmates to share them with," he said reaching out his hand to caress her cheek. 

The Pegasus let him brush her hair for a moment before she began to turn away. However, Blaze gently tugged at her reins to make her stop. He made her lower her head as he placed his own against her red tuft of hair. "I am sorry about before, Badava. I hope you'll forgive me," he said gently and sincerely, hoping he could get the message across. 

The Pegasus held his gaze for a moment. Finally, she gave him another happy neigh and licked his forehead before trotting over to Siofra and Sky. Blaze didn't like licky animals besides Sky as his tongue was dry, but this one time, he couldn't help feeling delighted. It was a sign of acceptance. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Unbeknownst to him, Claudis overheard his words from inside the stable, and it brought immense warmth to her heart. She was sure his current apology was different than the one he gave her the first time. He was beginning to see the Pegasus as a friend and not just another dumb animal. 

*** 

Later that evening, after Blaze finished chatting with his classmates and distributing the five dozen mamgi he had brought from Puhar, he took Siofra upstairs to his room. 

"So, what is it that you want to show me?" she asked as she flopped her butt down on his bed while he took to his desk chair. 

"Indeed," he said in a droning high-pitched voice. "I have a very special ware for display, my friend," he spoke mysteriously, brushing his chin with his fingers. "Yeah, no," he said after a moment. "Why would I have anything to show you?" 

"You said so at the stables..." 

"Oh! That was about a new fighting move. I will show it to you when we spar. I brought you here to ask about something else," he told her, though he was still a little unsure. However, he gave himself a sigh and asked, "What do you think of the Kindred?" 

It was one topic he had not been able to raise with Elyssa, even though he had tried. Every time he had found the opportunity to raise it during his VP conversations with her, the words refused to flow. 

Siofra raised an orange brow at him. "I know Elyssa's parents are Kindred, but I think of it just as a word that differentiates people who can hatch a dual parent child," she shrugged her shoulders. "Why should their emotions be any stronger than the rest of us?" 

"Oh? Au- er, my mother thinks differently..." 

Siofra raised her other brow to go along with her first. The bushy strokes of orange were ever prominent against the porcelain white of her face. "Are you a Kindred child?" she asked. 

"Uh? No. I don't think so, at least." 

"Well, then maybe Aunty Jie Er is just a sucker for such things. Why the sudden interest in the Kindred?" 

Blaze took in a deep breath and told her about Lynn. 

Siofra contemplated over it for a little while before she spoke. "What about you and Elyssa?" 

"What about us?" he asked with narrowed eyes. 

"You know, you two are like that at times." 

"Like what?" 

"You know, you get lost in each other's little worlds, forgetting there are other people beside you. You only have eyes for each other. It makes me feel left out at times," she told him in half-complaint. 

"Er... No, we don't. Even if we do, it's probably because we are having a really interesting conversation or something." 

"Is that not what being a Kindred pair is about?" 

"I think this thing with Lynn is a little different, Siof," he shook his head. 

"If you say so," she rolled her eyes. 

"What's wrong, Siof? You jealous? Wanna be my Kindred?" he teased her, wiggling his fingers towards her. 

"Eww no! Get away from me, you ugly angel!" she cried, leaning away. 

"You racist!" Blaze laughed, falling back against his chair. 

"<em>No,</em> you are just not pretty enough. You do not have the ears for it, either," she told him frankly. "If it was the pixie princess on the other hand, I wouldn't mind it," she said, as a dreamy glaze overtook her eyes. 

"Er... Aleaya Glitterdust? Isn't she like two or three hundred years older than you?" 

"252. Age is no barrier!" 

"Siof," he said, getting up and sitting beside her. He placed an arm over her shoulder, and she narrowed her eyes at him. She knew that some stupid comment was on its way. "You should find yourself a nice and handsome young angel or a pixie. I won't judge, either way. Someone good-looking and talented," he said, exaggeratedly patting her shoulder. "Not someone who'll croak in less than a couple of hundred years. Trust me, Big Bros always know what's best for their little sisters. And, oh, she should have a lot of money and your mere presence should be able to swoon her off her feet. That is important. <em>Very</em> important." 

"You're the little sister!" she said, pushing his away. "Trust your Big Sis and just get together with Ely. She is pretty, rich, and does anything you want. You two are a perfect match. Do not get involved in my affair with Princess Glitterdust. It is too complex for your undeveloped brain." 

"What affair? Let me guess. She smiled at you in passing and you swooned off your pretty little wings?" 

"Maybe I did, maybe I didn't. At least I am not all bedazzled by simply looking into some random stranger's eyes." 

Blaze snorted at her, but before he could give her his rebuttal, they heard a knock on the door. "Come in," he shouted, and Elyssa stepped in, wearing a yellow dress and a radiant smile. 

"Ely!" he cried, hopping off his chair and rushing to her to give her a mighty hug. 

"Oi, where was my hug? You jump into her arms as soon as you see her," Siofra wanted to know. 

"I thought you didn't like them..." 

"Only if you try to get all smoochy afterwards." 

*** 

The next morning, Class 1A received their papers and the results of their first quarter exams. 

Name Class Rank Year Rank Score 

Aahna Maitreya 1 2 905/900 

Blaze Er Lokra 2 3 899/900 

Bi Tru'ung 3 5 898/900 

... 

Rachel Arianrhod 29 146 786/900 

"How the Hela did <em>you</em> 'my sister turned 5 on LE 572' get rank 29?" Blaze asked a jubilant Rachel, standing beside him and punching the air. Blaze wasn't too surprised with his own ranking. Aahna had prepared for two weeks, while he had barely touched his books. 

"Hey! I am not dumb," Rachel protested. "But look, Min Seshat gave me a point on the extra question. It is for my humor, she says!" she squealed in delight. That one point was the difference between Rachel being in the top half and the lower half of the class. 

Bi, who was standing close by, seemed a little annoyed. She had left the question blank and received no points for it. One more point was the difference between second and third. 

That afternoon, Elyssa and Siofra came over to the Year 1 cafeteria to have lunch with Blaze. 

"So, this decides it. Elyssa is the Big Sis. I am Big Bro and you are the Little Bro," Siofra quipped when they compared their rankings. Elyssa placed first in her year while Siofra was second in her year. 

"How many times do I have to tell you Siof?" he told her in pretend exasperation. "You cannot be a Bro! You are not equipped for it. Besides, it does not work if you base it on how you do in school. It is based on height, you see. You will always be the shortest, so you gotta be the lil' sister," he tried to enlighten her. 

"I am a pixie. In pixie height, I may be taller than even you." 

"The way I see it, you will always be the little brat in our group," Elyssa quickly told Blaze, fearing that the two would somehow manage to turn <em>her</em> into the little sister, based on relative heights. 

"Ely! You are supposed to take my side. What sort of a best friend are you?" 

"Not against Siofra," she shook her head. 

"Traitor!" he told her before turning to the pixie. "Let's have a deal, Siof. Whoever is leading in our duels will be the Big Bro." 

"Fine." 

*** 

After their combat training that evening, Blaze and Siofra waited for the rest of the students to leave before approaching Yulia. 

"Min Yulia, can you take a look at my new move and give me your opinion?" he asked his combat teacher. 

He walked up to the rack and picked up a heavy metallic aspis and handed it to Siofra. "This is not a duel," he told her, picking up two sabers for himself. He had found out that the sabers were one of the most aerodynamic weapons for his all new Blazing Pirouette. "Defend yourself and keep an eye on my movements. Think of ways to counter the move in battle." 

Blaze led them up to a couple of thousand feet before turning to face her. Siofra, tugging along a massive shield with her diminutive little body, seemed like she had stepped out of an earthly fairy tail. 

"Okay, Siof. This is just a demonstration and I am still working on other variants," he reminded her. "When I say <em>go</em>, I need you to start flying left. Don't do anything clever besides defending yourself. For both our sakes," he said. 

Siofra gave him an impish grin. She would've probably done something clever. 

Blaze shot up three hundred feet before turning to her. He lowered his sabers to his sides and held them close. "GO!" he cried, before spreading his wings wide and diving towards her. 

Siofra zipped towards her right. Blaze stopped. 

"Oi! Not my left, you idiot! Your left!" he screamed at her. 

"You didn't specify that, dumbass!" she shouted back, before seemingly realizing that Yulia was watching. Yulia looked as if she didn't care either way, but that didn't stop Siofra from giving the teacher a naÃ¯ve, innocent gaze. 

Blaze shook his head as he took position. "Fly to <em>your</em> left. Go!" he shouted, once again diving towards her with hardened wings. 

The pixie took off to her left and Blaze <em>rolled</em> towards her. His unmoving, hardened wings were like the metallic wings of an airplane, catching the wind as he used it to roll around. 

Aiming for the place where Siofra was going to be, he dematerialized his wings. His body began spinning at a rate much higher than with his wings open. Siofra saw him come at her like a spinning bullet and stopped to raise the shield towards him. Blaze opened his arms. 

<em>Clang!</em> His left saber struck against her shield like thunder. Despite trying her best to hold herself steady, Siofra fell fifty feet before the second strike hit her. Blaze used the pushback from the first hit to twist his body and hit Siofra's shield with much greater force, as gravity naturally brought him towards her. 

<em>CLANG!</em> 

Siofra went shooting towards the ground. She let go of the shield and rapidly beat her wings, blurring them into an orange hue. She managed to come to a hover a couple of hundred feet from the ground. 

"That hurt!" she shouted at him, flailing her hands to stave off the stinging in her knuckles. 

"Sorry!" he shouted back as flew towards her with Yulia. <em>You should try taking a blow from Aunty Jie Er.</em> 

"You're digging that out," Siofra pointed out at the aspis lodged into the ground. 

"What do you think, Min Yulia?" Blaze asked his teacher. 

"It is powerful, but will always be a double-edged sword," Yulia mused. "Especially in the tournament, where you will not be allowed to fly higher than a thousand feet." 

"Yeah. It is easy to counter if I know it is coming," Siofra agreed. "You may not be able to use it more than once in the tournament... Why did I have to fly left?" 

"Because I have yet to perfect the movements in other directions. It isn't as simple as randomly spinning in the air. I have to anticipate where you will be and need to get every movement right for it to be effective and worthwhile," he explained. 

"It is definitely a winning move, Ms. Blaze. However, I hope you're not planning to rely only on this." 

"Of course not." 

"Good. Keep practicing and master it. I will provide you with whatever help I can." 

Yulia discussed the move a little more before she took her leave. 

"Well, you showed me yours, so I have to show you mine," Siofra said cheerily, as Blaze began to dig the dirt around the aspis. 

"No, Siof! You're too young and too flat." 

"You are flatter and younger." 

"I prefer it that way." 

"So do I." 

"Well then, I guess you have nothing to be worried about. I just think that Princess Glitterdust will be a little disappointed if you don't grow out anymore," he said, getting up and patting her shoulder with his muddy hand. 

"Do you want to see my latest move or not?" she said testily. 

"Of course I do. What are Big Bros for?" 

Siofra's new move was a well-known pixie technique called Flutter. Normally, it was possible for a keen observer to make out the subtle changes in wing movements and anticipate the direction in which an angel was going to fly. Detecting such movements was more difficult with Pixie wings, but a master of the Flutter could make it almost impossible. Siofra was no master but she was getting there. 

*** 

The next evening, Blaze and Siofra dueled. He didn't go easy on her, for that would have been hypocritical and sanctimonious on his part. Siofra used her Flutter to maximum efficiency, yet the fight was over within five minutes. All it took was one blow on her shield from his viridian bat to send her tumbling through the air. 

Blaze was relentless as he chased after her, deflecting her hastily swung rapier, and catching her in a shoulder lock around her neck. His decisive and almost aggressive finish took everyone by surprise. Usually, he mulled about and was a lot more playful when he fought her. 

Siofra tapped out and he brought her to the ground. 

"Very good, Ms. Blaze," Yulia clapped and approached them. "The headmistress will be pleased to know that your training at home may have gone better than if you had trained with us. That was calculated, unemotional, and risk free." 

Yulia gave them more of her thoughts over the fight before letting them return to their other exercises. 

"How did you improve so fast?" Siofra finally asked him as they held on to their first energy weapon materialization of the day. Siofra manifested her usual rapier, while Blaze manifested a radish. 

When she glanced at what was in his hand, the solid energy rapier in her hand faltered. "Why the Hela would you manifest that?" 

"I am hungry..." he whined. 

"That makes sense, but a radish?" she nodded in understanding. 

"It goes well with snek stew." 

"You like snakes?" Siofra raised a brow at him. 

"No, I hate them. But they taste good -- at least when Jie Er makes them." 

"Oh? I'd like to try it sometime. So, how did you improve so fast?" she asked, as their manifestations slowly disappeared during the conversation. Currently, it took a little over a minute for either of them to materialize anything substantial, and a lot of concentration to maintain its form. 

"Training, I guess," he shrugged his shoulders. 

"Min Jie Er must be a very good trainer. Maybe I should join you over the next break," Siofra wondered. 

"Oh, will you? Please do!" he said, perking up in excitement and taking her hands into his. 

"Uh? Sure..." she said, suddenly unsure about the look in his eyes. However, she did want to get better for the tournament. Pixies were usually brushed off in the tournaments, but the USMAT was the ideal time for her to prove herself. Pixies had a natural advantage over angels when younger. 

"Perfect! I will ask Jie Er. And if we train at Mt. Raivataka again, I will introduce you to Jeffery," he said, giving himself an evil laugh in his head. <em>Misery loves company!</em> 

oOo 

Blaze's second quarter at Tir proved to be uneventful when compared to his first. He attended classes, practiced his combat techniques, and spent time with Sky and Badava. 

The two animals had become quite good friends and Badava finally stopped being wary around him. Blaze, however, did not make an immediate attempt to ride her. He wanted her to come to him. 

At combat training, he primarily focused his efforts on materialized weapons. He had the bright idea of materializing a random garden tool during the tournament and surprising everyone. Potentially a hose -- he could think a lot of ways it could be useful even if wasn't directly related to the fight. 

The first time Blaze returned home that quarter, he found himself alone at the town center. No one had come to pick him up, but it was his doing. He had told them that he was old enough to fly back by himself. 

"Oi, Fury! Look at this," he heard a young angel scream at him from the other side of the market. She was a little older than him and was sporting a Blazing Fury tee and a pair of loose boyshorts. 

"What do you think," the angel asked, pointing at her tee and the logo on her chest. 

Blaze was surprised. He hadn't realized that the clothes were already available. "I think you look perfect, Ms. Fury," he nodded sagely, looking her up and down. "Welcome to the Blazing Furies. Tell your friends to join up as well," he said before jumping up to the sky. 

"If you win the tournament, you must bring Sky to Varan!" the girl screamed after him. 

*** 

As Blaze landed in their garden, he was met with a sight that made him speechless. 

A large tub of white enamel filled with frothy hot water lay a few feet away from the pool, and his two aunts were lying on top of each other and <em>bathing</em> inside it. 

Rebecca lay against the sloping head of the tub and Jie Er was arched over her as her lips moved across Rebecca's neck in fleeting kisses. 

Jie Er's butt peeked over the surface of the water and a dribble of bubbles slid down her puckered hole and onto her lower lips. 

Rebecca looked over Jie Er's shoulder and watched as her back contorted even more in arousal. She slowly sneaked a hand underneath Jie Er's crotch and began to gently caress her lips, spreading them apart and dancing her fingers over her nub as she whispered and breathed into her ear. 

Jie Er paused her kissing and looked back over shoulder at Blaze, giving him a coy grin. Jie Er's platinum blonde and Rebecca's crimson red hair were completely wet, which made their colors sharper and posed a perfect contrast with each other as they floated over their bodies and through the water like silken blankets. 

Blaze stood captivated for a few moments, before wordlessly beginning to discard his clothes. 

"Wash yourself before you enter, youngster!" Rebecca told him, as Jie Er turned her attention back to her neck. Rebecca had been on top of her at the start of recreating her little fantasy, but Jie Er had flipped her around a few minutes ago. 

Blaze filled up a bucket with the pool water and washed himself as he watched Rebecca's fingers over Jie Er's cunt. Her index and ring fingers rubbed over her lips while her middle ran along her slit, parting her, before suddenly pushing into her tiny hungry hole. 

"Ugh," Jie Er cried as her head arched up and her tongue ran across the length of Rebecca's sharp and smooth chin. She kissed the tip of her chin before taking her lips, while Rebecca's finger slowly moved in and out of her. 

The older angels kissed while throwing furtive glances at Blaze as their breasts brushed and rubbed against each other. Rebecca held Jie Er by the neck and her fingers flitted over her lower lips, making her arch over her in pleasure. The curve of Jie Er's spine and her butt were simply a delight to watch. 

Blaze quickly dumped the rest of the bucket over his head and rushed into the tub, jumping behind them. Rebecca splashed a little water at him and Jie Er scrunched her back more, pushing her body against Rebecca's and moving her butt towards Blaze's raging cock. 

"Aunty..." Blaze exhaled deeply, as he spread his hands over her lathered butt and felt his fingers slide over her smooth skin. 

Rebecca's fingers left Jie Er's lips and reached for the cock behind them. She tapped his tip with her finger, before wrapping her long slender fingers around to pull him closer. Her other hand, which had been holding Jie Er's nape, slowly yet steadily traveled down her spine and reached her puckered hole. She circled it a few times before pushing her finger in, while simultaneously brushing the head of Blaze's cock against Jie Er's slit. 

Rebecca had become a master of her art, making Blaze wonder just how many angels she had done in her battalion. <em>Did she have a higher count than him?</em> 

Jie Er held Rebecca's face between her hands and suddenly intensified her kiss, their lips and tongues seeking each other out as if they were dying of thirst and hunger. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
Blaze did not wait any longer. Jie Er's lower lips weren't just wet with water and he was sure they needed more than Rebecca's fingers. He lined his head over her hole and drove himself in, even as Rebecca's hand and fingers that were wrapped around him got in the way. 

"Aagh!", Jie Er moaned over Rebecca's lips, and the redhead sunk her finger further into her other hole. 

When Blaze pulled out after a moment, Rebecca moved her hand to his balls and clutched them -- not strongly enough to be uncomfortable, but tight enough for him to fully feel himself in her grasp. 

Blaze tightly grasped Jie Er's hips and rammed his cock back into her perfectly sculpted vagina. He loved the grasp of the two angels under him. 

"Oh, this feels heavenly!" he said between strokes. 

The frothy water began to slosh around as Jie Er's soft butt crashed and bounced against his groin, while he pulled and pushed her hips against himself, their bodies beginning to move in rhythm. He kept a tight grip on her ass, which made the supple, bouncy flesh spill out from between his fingers. 

Blaze kept slowly increasing his momentum and fucked her until she came in a loud shuddering orgasm. Her body went limp over Rebecca's. 

Blaze felt her walls writhing and gripping his member, seeking out his release, but he wasn't done. He waited for her orgasm to abate, before pulling out of her pussy which was unwilling to let him go. 

He pulled out Rebecca's two fingers from Jie Er's other hole and pushed his tip against it. Rebecca had already done the preliminary work on it, making the tight puckered hole more relaxed. His cock was coated with the slick wetness from fucking her pussy and the soapy water provided plenty of lubrication. 

"Blaze Er...", Jie Er whispered in hesitation but Blaze knew she liked getting his member in her <em>other</em> hole. 

Rebecca watched Jie Er's eyes widen as he pushed into her tight constricting ass. She couldn't resist when she saw Jie Er like that. She took her face between her hands and kissed her again, forcing her tongue into her mouth. 

Blaze kept fucking Jie Er's ass, enjoying the warmth and tightness around his cock as he alternated between short, fast jabs and long, slow strokes while bottoming out in her ass until her bouncy globes were spread all over his lower abdomen. 

Soon, the sensations of Rebecca kissing her deeply while playing with her pussy and Blaze's cock in her ass sent Jie Er over the edge, and she came with a loud gasp. It made her insides spasm, increasing her tightness even further. Blaze couldn't hold it anymore and let go, with his cock buried deep inside her as he shot jet after jet of his semen that colored her insides. 

"Oh, Blaze Er...," Jie Er cooed as he slowly pulled out of her well-fucked asshole. 

Meanwhile, Rebecca was getting very worked up while watching the two of them fuck and she needed to feel his member inside of her before she went crazy with need. A wide smile spread across her lips as she saw that Blaze was still hard after he had just filled Jie Er's ass with his sperm. 

As soon as he was out of her, Jie Er grabbed Rebecca's waist and flipped their bodies around to reverse their positions. She then turned Rebecca around again as she gave a surprised yelp, to lay her back against her breasts and her head against her shoulder. Coiling her legs around Rebecca's thighs and calves, she spread them apart and held them against the walls of the tub. 

Rebecca's cunt was hidden under the frothy water, but her foam covered breasts were not. Blaze watched as Jie Er took the redhead's breasts in her palms and began to massage them, pinching and pulling her nipples with her fingers as she slowly kissed her neck. 

"Which hole do you want filled, Becky?" he asked lewdly. 

"Both!" Jie Er replied for her, and Rebecca nodded in agreement. 

"I don't freaking care as long as you hurry up and fuck one!" the redhead said with more than a little impatience and need in her voice. 

"I must start off with your ass, then!" he said, diving for Rebecca's massive breasts. There was something immensely satisfying about cumming in a vagina, and he wanted to finish with just that. 

As he wrapped his arms around the two angels, his cock tried to find its way to Rebecca's anus. Rebecca wrapped her hands around his cock and guided it down to her pussy. She rubbed the head of his cock up and down her lips and said, "Will you put your member in here too?" It was more of a statement than a question. 

Blaze furiously nodded his head as he watched her tease his member. Finally, she slid his cock lower until it was right at her backdoor, just above Jie Er's cunt. 

Rebecca shuffled her ass and Jie Er slid both their bodies a little lower in the tub to help Blaze get better access to Becky's ass. She slowly tried to guide in his pulsing head. Her puckered hole put up more resistance because it was not prepared for it, unlike Jie Er's massaged hole. It made Rebecca's ass as tight as he could remember it ever being, but he was dauntless in his mission. 

Pushing and pulling, he slowly made his way into her depths. Jie Er moved her hands from Rebecca's breasts, and grasped her butt cheeks to spread them apart. Blaze used the opportunity to push in deeper, while taking his mouth and hand to her now free breasts. 

"Pump it, youngster!" Rebecca cried, as soon as their groins touched. 

"You've got it, old hag," Blaze joked, beginning to pump her, starting out slowly before ramping up his speed. His balls hit against Jie Er's slit as he thrust into Rebecca - He could feel the heat from her pussy on his balls every time their bodies met. 

Once Rebecca became pliant enough, Jie Er moved her hands from her butt to his, grabbing his butt cheeks and squeezing them tight before slowly moving her finger to a place where it didn't belong. Blaze did not know if it was due to Rebecca's influence, but he found Jie Er becoming sexually bolder each day. 

"Jie Er, I have something that you can use..." Rebecca muttered bringing Blaze's Txiki needle out of her space ring and handing it Jie Er. 

Jie Er took the tool from her hand and brought it to Blaze's behind. 

"Aunty! No!" Blaze cried, hastily getting up from Rebecca breasts and tightening his ass before the offending tool could reach him. 

"I meant it for me, Jie Er," Rebecca said with a humorous smile on her face. 

"Oh..." 

"What's up with your aversion to putting things inside your ass?" Rebecca asked Blaze. 

"I just don't like it, okay?!" Blaze replied as Rebecca felt his cock shrink inside her. He really didn't seem to like it or the idea of it. It was weird, as she was sure he liked their fingers. 

Regardless, she was too aroused to argue with him, and wanting to move things along, she got off Jie Er and pushed Blaze down against the other side of the bathtub. Pulling herself off his cock, she quickly mounted him and pushed him inside her vagina. She felt his cock grow as she leaned her breasts over his chest and began to kiss him, while presenting her ass to Jie Er. 

The older angel did not need any more persuasion to put the needle into Rebecca's ass. It was already pliant from the fucking Blaze had given it earlier and put up little resistance as Jie Er pushed it inside her. 

Blaze felt the needle enter Rebecca. It was an unusual sensation as he could feel another pressure on his cock from the walls of her pussy. He grabbed her buttcheeks, spreading them apart to help Jie Er with the toy while he began humping into her. Rebecca clutched his head against her bosom and lay still, feeling the two tools enter her with equal gusto. 

"Holy Goddess! Don't stop!" she cried, as she tried to move her body but found it unresponsive in her arousal. She had never felt so full before and both the objects in her holes were exploring parts of her body that she never knew before. It was too much sensation for her body to handle and she was quickly reaching her climax. 

Blaze began grunting as his own arousal peaked as squeals of lust began to incessantly escape from Rebecca's mouth. She had missed his cock for the past month. 

Water began spilling out of the tub as Blaze reached a feverish pitch. Finally, unable to hold back any longer, he gripped her butt and rammed his groin into her, willing her release as his liquid energy burst inside her in great sprouts that reached the deepest parts of her vagina. It sent her over as she smothered him against her bosom, and twitched and spasmed over him while she rode out her orgasm. 

"So, why the tub?" Blaze finally asked the question on his mind, as they huddled against the wall of the tub and lay in each others' arms. Under the water, two hands gently massaged each of his balls. They had worked hard and deserved the treatment. 

"Bubble baths!" they answered in concert. Splash, who had been watching the angels from the pool, suddenly ran to the tub and jumped in to join the three angels. Apparently, otters were fond of bubble baths as well. 

*** 

On the third Joeidie (Sunday) afternoon of the 2<sup>nd</sup> quarter, Blaze sat twirling Azalea's <em>clip</em> around his index finger as he mused over a pamphlet in his hand. 

It advertised a new line of clothing. <em>The Blazing Furies. Clothes so comfortable that even a Mami Wata will wear them</em>, was the caption, and the paper displayed Azalea lying sideways on a divan with her mermaid-like tail sensually curving around its base like a snake. 

She was wearing a much skimpier and more feminine version of his clothes: a pink tank top and a pair of purple boyshorts. Her long legs spilled out of the shorts before melding into her mermaid form. 

The words Blazing Fury were written over the chest in large aquamarine letters, while under the name was a picture of young angel riding a cerulean Quetzal. The angel's form was surrounded by a pale orange hue of light, making the figure's identity untenable. 

Blaze didn't much care for the colors, but he had to admit that the whole thing was quite catchy, and Azalea looked very sexy. <em>I would pluck a lot of mamgi for her. Hehe,</em> he snickered, twirling the clip even faster. 

He had received a pile of pamphlets from Agatha and the clothes were to hit the market in Varan, Puhar, Tir, the next week. 

"Oi, Aahna," he called out to the bubbly black-haired girl who skipped over to him with her usual enthusiasm. "Can you spread these around for me? We only have a hundred and I want them to get into the right hands," he said handing over the pile.  

"Oooh. Is this our clothing brand? Are we still getting free clothes?" Aahna asked excitedly. 

"Yes." Blaze replied. Class 1A and any members of his club were to get their first pair of clothes free. 

"They do look comfortable. Can't wait to try them," Aahna said, taking the pamphlets. 

"I must warn you," Blaze said seriously, "once you try the clothes of the greatest Bro in the world, you may not be able to go back. Do you want to take that risk? Others may even start to call you 'bro' from now on!" 

"I will take my chances," she said wryly. "What is that you are spinning? 

It took a moment for Blaze to realize what she was talking about. Blaze had brought it out when he saw Azalea's face on the pamphlet, but had become lost in his thoughts and had forgotten all about the pussy clip rotating around his finger. "Er... uh... It's called a ... Fidget Spinner!" 

"What is it for?" 

"Spinning, obviously. Helps keep you focused on your thoughts." 

He had never actually used a fidget spinner, but his fingers were usually quite proactive whenever he concentrated on something. Back on Earth, he had once braided his friend's hair while working on a Physics problem, and since he had never braided anyone before, the results were as expected. 

"Hmm, can I try it?" 

"Sorry, it's not for kids," he said, quickly bring the clip to a stop and placing it in his ring. Aahna only caught a brief glimpse of the object. 

Though they were his little sisters, he didn't want them to be spinsters. "Aahna," he said, a sudden idea popping into his head. 

"What?" 

"Let me play the next game." 

Class 1A had just finished their matches against the rest of their year and won them all. It showed how good of a team they were, even without Blaze. From the 5th weekend of their 2<sup>nd</sup> quarter, they played against the 2<sup>nd</sup> years. Then, they played against the third years over the third quarter. The top four teams from all years 1-3 played in the semifinals and the finals to decide the championship. Class 1A was trying to at least get a semifinal spot, which were usually taken up by the 3<sup>rd</sup> or 2<sup>nd</sup> years. 

"We have already discussed this. You are our-" 

"Ace up your sleeve. Yeah, I know. But what's the point if everyone is already wary of me? At least all of the Malakim must know that you're hiding me." 

"But, it keeps you from revealing any weaknesses you may have. There are two matches that we really need to win," Aahna shook her head. She was as adamant as any good manager could be. 

"Listen, I've got a better idea. Let me play, and I will promise that I won't show-off unless necessary. I will smack around a couple of throws and get out quickly." 

"We cannot afford to have a player who doesn't play, either!" 

"Just send me out to bat when you're either assured of winning or in a dire situation. Trust me. This will lull everyone into a false sense of security. Then when they are least expecting it, I shall unleash the BEAST! Muhahahaha," he cackled. 

Aahna shook her head and relented before turning away. "By the way, I can recognize a vagina clip when I see one. I never thought that you would wear one. It does not seem like your style," she said while walking away. 

"Oi! It's not mine!" he screamed at her back. She only nodded in seeming understanding. <em>You don't understand!</em> 

*** 

It was a sunny Hadie (Saturday) morning as Class 1A sat in the dugout while Kida and Bi opened their innings against Class 2A. Winter was finally beginning to retreat, and so was the humidity. It was a cool, pleasant morning. A warm, gentle breeze blew from the south, whistling through the nearby woods and ruffling the angels' colorful hair. 

Rachel, the captain of their team, won the toss and chose to bat first. 

Blaze watched the game in the company of Elyssa and Siofra. Kida and Bi, who were usually the quietest of their class, were quite loud with their bats as they smacked the ball around at every chance they were offered. However, after scoring a blazing fifty, Bi was poled out by a fastball. At a score of 97 for 1 in a little over eleven rounds, Class 1A was very well poised in the game. 

"You are up," Aahna, sitting on his left, whispered. 

"I thought I wasn't going in unless needed," he whispered back. 

"You are not needed. Class 2A is the weakest in the second year. We should easily win from here. Just do what we discussed," she told him. 

"Alright!" he said, springing off his seat and pulling out his viridian bat. Wonderboy, his bat, was itching for some nice flyball booty. "Watch and learn, Elyssa," he said as he walked out. Elyssa's class were playing their own match in another field, but Elyssa had been kicked off her team due to poor batting form. 

"Don't get poled on the first pitch," she called out. 

"Good job, Bi," he told the returning batter and walked into field, wildly swinging his bat. <em>Babe Blaze... er, that's not right... Blaze Ruth, the greatest batter to ever live, steps on to the field as the stadium goes wild. Ladies and gents, it doesn't matter which team you support, everyone must cheer for the greatness of The Blaze,</em> he voiced in his mind. 

Kida walked up to him when he reached the pitch. "Watch out for her changeup," she said, pointing to the pitcher. "It deceived Bi." 

Blaze leaned towards her ear and whispered, "I am not supposed to make too many runs." 

"Oh," she said, seeming a bit disappointed. 

"Don't worry Kid, I won't leave without a gift," he said before patting her shoulder and walking to the sixty-foot high and fifteen-inch diameter pole intended for flying Flyball. 

He took his stance and looked at the pitcher with his usual hungry grin. The young, cerulean haired angel was almost as tall as him, and seemed to possess a good sinewy arm. She wasn't intimidated by his stare and quickly wound up and pitched. 

It was a cutter and Blaze left it alone when he realized it wasn't headed for the pole. The pole-keeper caught the ball and threw it back to the angel. The pitch had been fast -- at least 85mph. 

Blaze grinned at the pitcher. <em>The faster they came, the faster they went.</em> The girl grinned back at him. She wanted to get the Blazing Fury out and he liked her attitude. However, it made her next pitch predictable -- a 90mph fastball straight down the middle. Putting his left foot forward, he swung his bat with all his might. 

<em>Thunk,</em> the sweet sound of bat middling the ball echoed through the ground as the ball soared straight towards Class 1A's dugout. Elyssa instantaneously manifested her wings and flew up to catch the ball before it soared into the woods behind them. 

"Slam!" cried out the umpire. A slam was worth eight runs, while a ground slam was worth only four. However, when playing with flying angels, the ground slam was a much safer option and the preferred shot amongst professionals. 

Blaze raised his bat and flicked it at Ely to indicate that the hit had been for her. Elyssa shook her head and threw the ball back to a fielder. 

<em>Thunk,</em> the next pitch was hit searing over the leftfield. 

"Ground Slam!" 

Aahna smacked her face and shook her head. "She is not going to go easy, is she?" she asked Siofra and Elyssa. 

"Nope," Siofra giggled. She loved Blaze's mischief. 

"No. Blaze keeps his word," Elyssa shook her head. 

The next throw was once again straight, but it was a knuckle ball and floated as it traveled down the pitch. Blaze noticed the changeup, but he still swung with the same vigor as before. His bat was a little early to the ball, making the ball pop up straight into the air. The pitcher scrambled towards the ball and dove into the left field grass to catch it. 

"Out!" proclaimed the umpire. 

"Woopsie," Blaze said out loud, trying to appear sheepish. 

Aahna smacked her face again. "She is making it too obvious." But her worries were unwarranted, the pitcher and her class were too jubilant to notice Blaze's expression. 

Neither Elyssa nor Siofra were surprised by his theatrics. Class 1A finished their innings at 197 for five and poled out Class 2A for 150, winning the game comfortably. 

They played versus 2B the next day and Blaze got himself out for naught. 

oOo 

The next weekend, Siofra accompanied Blaze to Varan for a visit. She hadn't been too keen but obliged on his insistence. He had promised Jie Er to bring her over. Siofra was initially quite reserved around the older angels, reminding him of the pixie he had met at the headmistress' office. <em>Is it because they are older angels or is it because they are 'parents' like her mother?</em> 

However, as the weekend proceeded, Jie Er's kindness and Rebecca's unrestrained conviviality managed to get through to her. The constant presence of Splash in her arms also proved helpful. The otter was a cuddlesome creature that was always needy for attention. 

"Aunty Jie Er?" Siofra began shyly as they had lunch on Joeidie, nervously scratching the chirpy otter's head on her lap. Rebecca had made them a piquant fowl soup with a good dash of hot sauce, along with some cheesy ricotta rolls with spinach stuffing. 

"Yes, dear?" Jie Er responded with a hearty smile. 

"Would you be willing to train me along with Blaze? I noticed how much she improved over the last break," she said quickly, the words bumbling out of her mouth. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
"Of course, dear. If that is what you wish," Jie Er agreed. Blaze had already mentioned it to her the previous weekend. "But I must warn you that I am not familiar with pixie flying techniques. However, I am sure we can work on other aspects of your fighting." 

"Thank you, aunty!" Siofra immediately perked up, startling the otter a little. Splash yapped a complaint before going back to nuzzling her head against Siofra's green one-piece dress. 

"We must also get your mother's permission," Jie Er added. 

Siofra visibly deflated as she nodded. "I will talk to her," she mumbled. 

Later that evening, Rebecca took Siofra out to show off some of her army techniques, while Jie Er took Blaze into her room to receive her bi-monthly dosage. It was a relatively quick yet wholesome session, as Blaze made Jie Er put her legs behind her shoulders and fully pounded away into her. 

Siofra was none the wiser about what went on in her absence when they took their carriage back to Varan. 

oOo 

Class 1A faced one of their toughest Flyball matchups yet on the seventh weekend. 2E was known to be a class of Malakim and they were one of the best teams in the first three years. 

They batted first and compiled a daunting total of 188 in twenty rounds. Blaze's class had scored more before, but 2E had much better pitchers than any of their previous opponents, much better than his own class. His class was a class of strong batters. Bi and Kida had been averaging 40 and 50 each game, which was a quite of lot of runs from two players. 

As Kida and Bi were about to head out to face the opposition, Blaze glanced at 2E's dugout and spotted a new arrival. Priscilla and her gang had joined the players, and she was giving Blaze a piercing gaze. 

"Kida, wait," he called out to the black-haired girl, making her turn around and give him a questioning glance. "I am going in, Aahna," he said to his self-appointed manager. 

The angels in his dugout followed his gaze to the <em>enemy</em> dugout. 

"It is the Houri!" cried someone from the back. 

"She is not anymore," said Afriel of the Malakim seven. 

"Blaze!" Aahna cried out. "It is a ploy. They don't have to win this game to get into the semis, and neither do we. They want to figure out your weakness. The more they pitch at you, the more they will know on how to get you out," she protested as Elyssa and Siofra watched their exchange. Though Aahna was not the best player on the team, she was very knowledgeable about the game. 

"I know Aahna. But this is a direct challenge and I can't refuse," he shook his head direly. If he refused, it would give Priscilla and her buddies the excuse to say that he couldn't win without guile. "But trust me, Aahna. It may be helpful to know my own weaknesses before we play the important games. If they figure them out, so can you, and I will work on removing them. Let's not leave it to luck." 

Aahna seemed like she wanted to say 'no', but ultimately nodded, "It is up to Kida." 

Blaze looked at Kida. "But I really want us to bat together," the usually compliant girl complained. 

"But Bi rotates the strike more, and I want to face as many pitches as possible," Blaze told her. 

"I can play defensive too. Bi, can I open with Blaze, please?" 

"Okay," smiled Bi. 

"Yes!" Kida punched the air. 

Blaze took out his bat and placed an arm around the short Kida's shoulder as he led her into the field. "Alright, Kid. Just take singles and leave the rest to your Big Bro. You want to see some big hits, don't you?" he said to her. 

She nodded eagerly. There was nothing more satisfying and rousing to a batter than hearing the solid thunk of a bat striking a ball, whether it was from your own or your partner's. 

When they reached the pitch, Blaze glanced at the pitcher. At six feet tall with long sinewy arms fit for a pitcher, she was a mean-looking angel -- at least she looked mean to Blaze. Her purple hair was held up in a short ponytail and her sharp green eyes looked at him in challenge. 

Blaze patted Kida on her shoulder and jogged up to the batting side pole while Kida took her spot at the other end. 

The first pitch was a curving in-slider. Blaze adroitly defended it, sending the ball into the ground for no runs. He did the same with the next two pitches: a cutter followed by a knuckleball. The fourth pitch, however, was a juicy fastball and it went flying back over the pitcher's head and into the stands. 

"Slam!" the umpire declared as Blaze raised his bat towards Priscilla. The audience from her side of the dugout booed while those from his cheered. Priscilla simply gave him a sweet smile; a smile that Blaze felt was rotten on the inside. 

In Flyball, a pitcher pitched ten throws before they switched to the next round. Blaze scored twenty runs in the first round, and if he continued scoring at the same rate, he could finish the game in nine rounds instead of the usual twenty. 

The next round, Kida took a single on the first pitch she faced and quickly gave him the strike. The second pitcher's pitches were slower and less zippy, but the angel could curve the ball more. Blaze hit two ground slams in her round, and together with Kida, he made fifteen runs off her pitching. 

However, things soon began to slow down, as the pitchers kept testing him with various types of throws. 2E's players were quite good, and they soon realized that pitching him fastballs was a big no-no. It didn't matter how fast they pitched; the ball simply disappeared out of the ground. 

Screwballs that curved into his body worked, but if they were slightly off, they were hit for ground slams. The same could be said of sliders -- too much width, and he placed the ball between fielders for quick singles or twos. The only pitch that worked consistently were sinkers, but they were hard to pitch. 

Blaze made his first mistake in the seventh round. One of 2E's pitchers threw a waist-high slider, curving from the middle to a little to the right of Blaze and the pole. He drove his bat at it but nicked the ball off the top edge of the bat, popping the ball into the air. 

The fielders scrambled for the ball, but it fell out of their reach, saving him from being caught out early in the game. 

From then on, the pitchers continued to throw sliders, constantly testing him from different angles. A few pitches went for ground slams, but it was obvious he was uncomfortable with waist-high sliders that were close to his body. 

Finally, in the twelfth round, Blaze swung at a slider from Mean Face, and once again, popped the ball high into the air. The opposition captain ran all the way from far leftfield and dived forward to safely catch the ball. 

"Out!" screamed the umpire. 

Blaze glanced at Priscilla and she gave him a knowing smile, but the students of Class 2E weren't cheering. The score was 135 for one when he walked back to his dugout. He had scored 98 of those runs in around half as many pitches. 2E needed a miracle to win from their current position. 

"You can finish the rest, right?" he asked Bi as she walked by him. 

"Yes." 

Blaze shook his head at her. Bi was an angel of few words. 

"You have a problem with sliders!" Aahna exclaimed as he stepped into the dugout. 

"No, I don't," he replied adamantly as he sat down beside her and Siofra, whose current expression made it seem like didn't even know what a slider was. 

"Yes, you do," Elyssa told him. "That is how you got out." 

Blaze turned to her with a little grin. 

Elyssa's eyes widened in realization. "You sly, little punk!" she whispered, glancing back at the Malakim of Blaze's class. They were sitting on the opposite side of the dugout and weren't paying attention to their conversation. 

"You know me too well, Ely." 

"What is going on?" Aahna whispered, bringing her head closer to the other two. 

"It is all a sham! He is not weak against bodyline sliders. He was pretending all along!" Ely squeaked while Blaze smugly nodded his head. 

Aahna was taken aback. "You mean to say that you missed scoring a hundred just to fool the Malakim? You could have made two more and scored a darned hundred!" she asked, trying to keep her voice down. 

"Yep. How else would I leave them without a grain of doubt? But it does seem like I have a problem with sinkers and screwballs. Who on our team do you think is the best with those? I will make sure to practice against those throws," he asked her.  

"Nina is good with screwballs and Kriti can pitch a mean sinker." 

"Good. I will ask them if they can make some time for me." 

Kida went ballistic with her hitting once Blaze was out. She made a quick twenty-five runs before she was poled out. Minerva, the next batter, got out scoring only two runs, but Aahna and Bi managed to win the match by the 18<sup>th</sup> round. 

Class 1A jubilantly celebrated their victory, but 2E didn't seem totally disappointed. Their team had a flawless run until that game, and they were almost assured to get into the semis along with two 3<sup>rd</sup> year classes. More importantly, they felt that they had figured out how to pitch at Blaze. If they could get him out cheaply, they had a good chance of overcoming 1A if they ever faced them again. 

oOo 

Over the 2nd quarter, Badava began to slowly become comfortable enough around Blaze to let him ride her and Claudis taught him how to ride her on the ground. The rest of his class were already flying the Pegasi, but Blaze had fallen behind due to Badava's reticence. He vowed to catch up with them soon. 

The fine balance that had existed in Blaze's duels with Siofra in their first quarter was also broken in the second quarter. After their first duel, they battled two more times, which had both been easy victories for him. Their score was now 14-9 and Siofra did not even bother to ask for another duel, even though they kept practicing together. However, neither were happy -- Siofra because she was annoyed for lagging so far behind him, and Blaze because there was no one else his age that could challenge him. 

He went to parley with Elyssa, but she outmatched him in both flying skills and fighting techniques, and that made their duels unhelpful for either, especially because, for some reason, Ely seemed unable to let him experience her full strength. 

"Just wait until I receive some training from Aunty Jie Er," Siofra told him, after watching one of his bouts against Elyssa. "You will be calling me Big Bro in no time." 

Blaze did not bother to quip back, simply opting to give her a smile and an encouraging pat on her shoulder. 

"Why don't you guys just call <em>me</em> Big Bro?" Elyssa voiced her opinion. 

"NO!" came two resolute replies. 

The two younger angels looked at each other strangely. "Just be the Big Sis, Ely," Siofra said. "The word 'bro' doesn't sound good on you for some reason." 

"It doesn't work on you either," Blaze informed the pixie. 

Before the last week of the 2<sup>nd</sup> quarter, two things happened that put a hold on Siofra's plans to train with Jie Er. She received a letter from her mother informing her that she was expected to come back home for the break. The pixie princess had apparently heard about Siofra's aptitude and wish to participate in the tournament, and had sent someone to train her. Siofra would be trained by her mother and her new trainer at the pixie embassy at Saket. 

The next bit of news Blaze received partly from Elyssa and partly from the headmistress. Elyssa mentioned that she would be staying at Tir over the break because the Xian were coming to visit. 

Fiora called him to her office on Xihedie (Friday) afternoon. He had been to the headmistress's office a few times over the quarter for <em>research</em>, but this time felt a little different. 

"The granddaughter of the Xian Empress and a few students from Xian are coming over to exchange <em>pointers</em> with our students. I realize that training with your mother has been immensely helpful towards your growth, but this might be a good chance to test yourself against other students of your own caliber. 

"I have sent your mother a letter and I think even she will agree to let you stay over this time," she told him, as Alice stood nearby. Fiora had a lock installed on her door the previous break and had essentially locked her secretary out of their research. This time, however, Alice stood her ground and showed no indication of ever stepping out of the office. 

"I would love that, but it's up to my mother," he responded. Though he was a little apprehensive about what Jie Er had in store for him, his obvious improvement over the break had given him complete faith in her methods. 

"Good. We shall await her reply," Fiora said, giving her persistent secretary an annoyed glance. 

"Is that all, Headmistress, or do you need me for something else?" he asked with a smirk. 

"I guess it is, Blaze. I simply wanted to let you know myself," she said with a sigh. She seemed to have no desire to put on another display for her overeager secretary. Moreover, if Blaze was to stay at Tir over the break, they were sure to get another opportunity sooner or later. 

oOo 

Matadie(Monday) morning, Blaze received a letter from Jie Er that he was to stay on campus. It did not say anything else, but he did not get much time to mull over it, as he began to immerse himself in studying for that quarter's finals. 

Elyssa and Siofra had given him flak for coming third in his year, and he wanted to show them how well he could do if he put his mind to it -- by studying <em>three</em> <em>whole</em> days before the tests began. 

The week and the finals quickly flew by, and by Friday evening, Blaze was satisfied with how his tests went. 

"You better hope you did <em>really</em> well on your tests, Siof. Otherwise, you'll be the only number two," Blaze teased her, as they played a game of chaken with Elyssa, and Blaze's main minions: Aahna, Rachel, and Bi. 

"I did really well, too," Aahna pointed out. She had not been too happy about placing 2<sup>nd</sup> in the previous quarter. 

"Good for you," Siofra said simply, moving her infantry to the right of Blaze's territory. Elyssa supported her from her right, and Bi's army was marching upon him from his left with heavy artillery. 

"Why are you three ganging up on me?" he complained. 

"Just 'cause," Elyssa replied, while Bi simply shrugged her shoulders. 

"Is it not it obvious?" Siofra said. "Who else would we want to knock out first?" 

"Rach, you're on my side, right? Help me out here!" he whined at Rachel. 

"Can't! Aahna!" she pointed at Aahna's cavalry, carefully positioned to prevent her from making any drastic moves. 

"You guys are bullies!" Blaze complained, investing the last of his money on defensive troops and artillery to bombard the invading troops. Defensive troops did not make as much money on kills and artillery consumed money, so it was bad for him in the long run. 

The game went by slowly, as three angels bombarded him with attacks while Aahna and Rachel fought their own private little war. However, when Siofra moved in her light and heavy cavalry to destroy his artillery, Elyssa suddenly turned coat and marched into Siofra's territory. 

"What are you doing, Elyssa?!" Siofra cried. Her continuous success against Blaze had made her overzealous and a little unwary of Elyssa. 

"Sorry, Siof. You will all probably gang up on me after you defeat Blaze. I have a better chance if I team up with him now. I can defeat him after you are out of the game." 

Blaze gave Siofra a devious little smile. He had invested in artillery and heavy cavalry, which could pair perfectly with Elyssa's heavy cavalry and generals. 

"Guys! Help me out," Siofra called out to the others. "We cannot let them team up!" 

The others scrambled their troops to support Siofra, but Blaze and Ely swooped in over Siofra's territory from both sides and defeated her in four turns. For the rest of the game, though the other three teamed up, they were helpless against the onslaught of the two best players. 

"When did you two even decide to join hands?" Siofra cried in frustration, as she tried to suggest ideas to Aahna, the last surviving member of the minion alliance. 

"Ely's always on my side!" Blaze told her, giving Elyssa a fist bump. 

"This is unfair!" Siofra pouted. 

"It was 4 vs 2," Blaze drawled out. 

"Still." 

Elyssa ultimately won the game. 

Later that night, the three friends stepped out to part ways. Siofra seemed a little more down than usual as she was the only one who'd be going away for the break. 

"Look on the bright side, Siof. You will probably end up learning a lot from the pixie trainer. You want me to call you Big Sis, don't you?" he told her encouragingly. 

"I would've rather done that training with Aunty Jie Er," she moaned. 

Blaze laughed. "You can still do it next break. I just hope you will feel the same way after she is done with you." 

"What are you saying? Aunty Jie Er is a sweetheart!" 

But before Blaze could respond, Elyssa tapped on his shoulder and pointed at the night sky. Two angel silhouettes were zipping towards them from the north. 

"Aunties!" he shouted and ran up to them as they landed in front of their dorm. He didn't even notice that he had slipped up on calling Jie Er 'mother'. "What are you two doing here?" 

"We wanted to visit you over the weekend," Jie Er said, as Splash jumped off Rebecca's shoulders and began excitedly running around his legs. 

"Awesome! Where will you be staying?" he asked, picking up the excited otter and brushing her head. She yipped and snuggled her head into his shirt. 

"The Herald Inn. Remember? We stayed there the first time we visited Shapur. You can join us if you want to," Rebecca told him. 

"Er... I think I should spend time with my classmates, tonight. Can we hang out tomorrow?" 

"Sure, dear. We just wanted to see you as soon as we arrived. Go and have fun with your friends," Jie Er told him, gently. 

"Thanks!" Blaze said, standing on his tiptoes to kiss Jie Er on the cheek. 

"I will be doing a lot more than that to Jie Er tonight," Rebecca whispered into his ear. 

"Just wait until I get my hands on ya," he whispered back. 

The older angels chatted for a little while before parting ways. Blaze and Elyssa went to see Siofra off the next day, but they couldn't bring her spirits up before she left, posing a solitary figure as she waved at them from her departing carriage. 

"I will buy her a VP as soon as I make some money," he told Elyssa. She simply nodded, without offering to get a pair for them. She knew he wanted to do it himself. "So, where will the Xian be staying, and do I have to be there when they arrive?" he asked her. 

"The refurbished Agrasen palace is being opened to house the visitors. A few students from other academies of Aranya will also be staying with us over the break. We can stay there too, but we may have to share a room..." 

Shapur was once the seat of Aranyan power, and Tir academy was built on the ruins of the old Shapur palace. Most of the royal buildings had been brought down over the years, but the Agrasen palace had been in the process of being refurbished. It was located to the west of the campus and was surrounded by thick forestry. Blaze had caught a glimpse of it before, while flying around the campus. 

"Nah," he shook his head a little too quickly. "I'd rather stay in my room. I will just fly back and forth every morning." 

He had shared a room with Siofra on her visit to Varan, but it somehow didn't feel the same with Elyssa. Besides, he didn't see the point of switching rooms. A portion of the staff and the matron would still be around over the break, and he was the type of person that got attached to their room. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"I was planning on doing the same..." she responded. 

"Ely?" he said, suddenly wrapping an arm around her shoulder and drawing her closer. "Wanna mess with the Xian?" 

"You will <em>not</em> cause a diplomatic incident!" she told him categorically, pushing him away. 

<em>Hehe.</em> <em>I need to find time to go to the library.</em> 

*** 

The next morning, the duo flew to the town to meet up with Jie Er and Rebecca. The Herald was a middle-class diner cum hotel located a few blocks away from the town center. 

Rebecca opened the door of their room, dressed in a tiny thong and a tank top, while Jie Er was already dressed to go out. She sat at the tea table, sipping on tea whilst reading a newspaper, wearing a simple yellow gown that reached her knees. 

The hotel lady excused herself, and Rebecca pulled Blaze into her bosom as the two younger angels stepped in. He grabbed her butt cheeks and squeezed, making sure that Ely couldn't see. 

"Good morning, Elyssa. What do you kids want to do today?" Jie Er greeted them, setting her paper aside. 

The Xian visit made up the front page of the Aranyan Weekly, and displayed several pictures of Ying Yue Shangdi and her daughter. The older princess was staying at Saket on a diplomatic mission while her daughter was visiting Tir. 

"Anything, Aunty Jie Er. We could just spend time at a restaurant or walk around town and the otine groves." 

"Okay, we shall discuss it over breakfast. But before that, I have something for Blaze," she said, bringing out a large black case from her space ring. "And this is for you. It is a water chestnut cake -- one of my specialties. It was meant for you and Siofra, but I did not not realize that she was leaving," she said, handing a box to Ely. 

"Thank you, aunty," Elyssa took the box, as Blaze literally skipped over to the case, his eyes shining with excitement. 

He flipped over the metal lock and opened the case to reveal a pair of metallic gauntlets snuggled within red velvet. They were beautiful, practical, and totally <em>badass</em>. 

Blaze heaved out the right gauntlet and turned it around in his hands as he felt its weight. Made entirely out of overlapping scales of a silver colored metal, it was heavy. However, he would get used to the weight. 

Five veins of emerald green ran along the inside of the hand and fingers, while golden stannium plates covered the knuckles and the joints of the fingers. 

"Pure Viridian, unlike your bat," Jie Er said, as he ran his fingers over the smooth green metal. "Conducts energy, so manifesting energy weapons won't feel too different while wearing them." 

Each gauntlet possessed a knob over the inch-long wrist guards, most likely to attach the stannium buckler that came along with the gauntlets. The sides of the gauntlets were lined with golden studs. 

"Try them out," Jie Er said, smiling at the wonder in the two younger angels' eyes. Elyssa had picked up the other gauntlet and was examining it with the same amount of fascination as Blaze. 

"Thrya proved herself to be a worthy successor to Valinna," Jie Er continued. "She wrote to me that it's a prototype, and that she had to remove several of its attachable features to make it useable in the tournament -- even the buckler will count as a third tool." 

Blaze and Elyssa sneaked their respective hands into their gauntlet. Elyssa's proved to be a little loose for her narrow hand, but it was a snug fit for Blaze. After all, they were made over a cast of his hands. Blaze wriggled his fingers and was amazed by how smooth the movements felt, despite the metal covering them. He would've never guessed a metal gauntlet could be so flexible. 

The two angels grinned at each other and threw a fist at the other. A loud metallic ring reverberated from a solid crash of fists. Their grins widened. 

"Holy Pegasi Whiskers! These are so cool!" Elyssa cried. She had begun using the word after hearing it enough times from Blaze. "I need to order a pair for myself." 

"Oi! Use your darned spear. Don't copy my style. Besides, I don't think you're as good as me in a fist fight," he told her smugly. 

"Oh yeah? Why don't we have a go at it before the Xian come? I don't want to embarrass you in front of them," Elyssa grinned back. 

"Meh, I don't punch my friends." 

They took turns at trying out both the gauntlets, before reluctantly putting them back in the case and into Blaze's space ring. 

"Your assignment for this break is to test out the gauntlets as much as you can," Jie Er told him, as they walked out for breakfast. 

"Okay," Blaze readily agreed. "Why can't you stay and watch over my training?" he asked after a moment. Jie Er and Rebecca were leaving the following day. 

"I would only get in the way of all the teachers, Blaze Er," Jie Er told him softly. "Besides, the Headmistress promised me that she would make sure to send me a detailed analysis of your training and progress. I will use it to make an appropriate training regimen for our next session." 

After breakfast, they visited Sky at the aviary, and the bird went nuts at the sight of his whole family. He cooed and cawed and cackled as he ran around their ankles, rough-played with Splash, and took her flying in his claws. However, they could only spend an hour with him, but they left Splash to accompany him over the day. 

The couple of days went by quickly as Blaze spent a frivolous time in the company of his favorite angels. Elyssa went back to the campus for the night, but she returned the next morning to find three completely exhausted and sleepless angels. She asked them why, but only received a vague response. 

Jie Er and Rebecca visited Sky again that evening, before they were ready to head back to Varan. 

"I have applied for a leave over your next break, Blaze Er," Rebecca told him, while hugging him in front of their carriage. Elyssa had left them early to prepare to receive Xian delegation. They were supposed to arrive a half-hour after his aunts' carriage to Varan. Blaze, however, wasn't expected to show up until their training started the next day. 

"So, you will be coming with us?" 

"Yes!" 

Blaze was jubilant. Siofra was most likely to join them, and the only person he would miss would be Elyssa. However, he couldn't ask her to come, as her training with her deity mothers was more important. 

"Don't think I will go easy on you, either. I am from the army, remember?" she smiled at him impishly. 

"Sure, but at least I will be able to hit you back. Auntie Jie Er is too stronk!" 

"You will get there, Blaze Er," Jie Er patted his back. "You are already as good as I was at forty, if not better," she said, before realizing that she may have slipped up. 

Blaze and Rebecca looked at her with wide eyes, but Jie Er didn't change her words. If Jie Er was as strong as he was when she was forty, was it possible that she had been in Elyssa's league? If so, why wasn't she as famous? 

However, the two of them did not push her for more information. They knew she did not like to talk about her past. Blaze kissed them on the cheek before he let them get on the carriage and take their leave. 

He waited for their carriage to disappear before heading to Tir's library. A good hoax was always well-researched. 

*** 

Elyssa rapped on his window the next morning, an hour or so after sunrise. Blaze was already awake and waiting for her. He opened the window and jumped into her arms. She held him until he manifested his wings, before they flew towards the Agrasen palace. 

"How are the Xian?" he asked her, as they flew over the training fields. 

"Alright, I guess. They are a bit stiff, but at least they are not arrogant pines like the Caledonian nobility." 

"Hehe. That's perfect!" Blaze sniggered. There was nothing more hilarious than pranking stiff people. 

"Do not do anything excessive, and you better tell me what you are planning, <em>before</em> you do it," she told him. 

"Hey! I always tell you about my pranks before I do them." 

"You rarely do that." 

"Well, usually the prank's on you. I've got better marks to choose now." 

"I have my eye on you," she warned him. "Aunty Jie Er has given me permission to spank you if necessary." 

"No, she hasn't," Blaze shook his head. "Wait, she hasn't, has she?" 

Elyssa chose not to respond as she picked up speed and flew ahead of him. 

*** 

As they neared the refurbished palatial building, Blaze noticed that it was perfect for the tale he had spun. It was a wide, two-storied, Y-shaped building with four evenly spaced domes of etched concrete, one in the middle and three at the three ends. 

The paint was new, but there was something ancient about its massive arched windows of lime green, glazed glass. The first floor did not have any rooms or closed spaces, and was completely open through the tall archways and the wide, etched, stone pillars that held them. 

Around forty students and six teachers, including Yulia, stood waiting to the left of the massive fountain in front of the building. It was a circular pool, with a stone statue of the goddess Rhea standing in the middle. A tall jet of pristine water projected from the top of her head and fell into the pool in a perfectly symmetrical cascade. 

The Xian were housed the previous night, but the other students would move in that day. Two large makeshift arenas, lined by some white powder, had been created on either side of the central fountain. 

"I thought there'd be more," Blaze said to Elyssa, as they landed a little away from the gathering and started walking towards it. It was considered rude to land right in front or in the midst of other people. 

"I am sure there were a lot more last quarter, but the number has been narrowed. Tir can only send three candidates to each tournament, and you've already taken one of the spots. Your <em>friend</em> Priscilla will likely take another spot. Thankfully for the others, Siofra is representing the pixies and will leave the last remaining spot for someone else," she answered. "Some of the students you see here are not even from Tir. The other academies of Aranya have sent their students as well." 

Around two-thirds of the students seemed to belong to the younger category of the tournament. The ones to participate in Elyssa's bracket had been narrowed down long before. Blaze looked for Brija, but was disappointed to not find her among the group. He assumed she was probably training on her own somewhere. 

The two friends introduced themselves to the students and teachers while Blaze felt Priscilla's eyes following him. Without her gang, she seemed a little lonely, despite a couple of other Malakim standing together with her. 

A few more angels arrived before the Xian stepped out of the building. Princess Chenguang Shangdi led a group of eighteen angels, young and old. When they arrived, an older angel dressed in traditional Xian clothingâ€” a long cherry blossom cheongsamâ€” stepped up to introduce the Xians. Blaze guessed her to be the princess' handmaiden. 

Princess Chenguang gazed straight at him and Elyssa while the introductions proceeded. However, she did not carry the hungry, combative smile she had given him at Saket. Instead, her lips held a half-smile whose meaning he could not decipher. 

She wore a stylish silvery grey corset-skirt that reached halfway to her thighs, and a pair of thigh-high socks over silver boots. A simple golden tiara and golden armbands were the only jewelry she wore. 

From her energy makeup, Blaze guessed her age to be around fifty. She seemed to be several inches taller than him and her angular features made her a handsome angel. However, it wasn't just her features that made her handsome; there was something masculine about the way she carried herself. 

She had short black hair that was parted in the middle and left to hang by her cheeks and back. A pair of dazzling hazel eyes and proud, thick, slanting brows complimented the confidence she portrayed. 

As her handmaiden finished the introductions, Chenguang marched straight towards them. 

"Hello, Elyssa," she greeted Elyssa, before turning to Blaze. They simultaneously gave each other a slight bow, and the smile on the princess' face widened. "It's my pleasure to finally meet you again, Fenghuang. We've happened upon each other before, but I did not think I'd speak with you until the tournament," she said to him, pleasantly yet imperiously. 

"Fenghuang?" he asked. 

"Oh yes, I apologize. Fenghuang is the Xian name the Empress has bestowed upon you. We of the Xian are used to referring you by that name." 

"Ah! What does it mean?" he asked. 

"A phoenix." 

Blaze was pleased. "I hope you give my hearty thanks to the Empress. And, I hope our fight in the tournament shall be good," he told her sincerely. Despite his initial impression of them, the Xian royalty had been kind to him. 

"I'd hoped so too, but unfortunately, that will not happen. My mother insists I take part in the YAMAT even though I am eligible for the USMAT. She says I belong with the older ivkas, but I think it is mostly because she doesn't want me to be involved in your fight against the Malakim," she told him. 

"Oh?" Her words surprised him out of his own. He had to think for a moment before speaking. "Then, at the least, I hope to have a good spar with you over your stay." 

"I have no interest in that either," she said, looking at Elyssa. "Rather, I am here to have a private exchange of pointers with you, Ms. Elyssa," she said politely. "I am not arrogant enough to think I would win against you, but I hope to bring out your best." 

Blaze would have been annoyed by her words, but it didn't seem like she said them out of spite or arrogance. <em>Maybe it's something political.</em> 

"Yes, we've been made aware of your wish, and the headmistress has arranged for us to spar, away from prying eyes. We can do it anytime you wish," Elyssa told her confidently. She wasn't wary about fighting anyone under hundred, let alone someone a decade younger than her. 

They exchanged a few more casual words before the angels split into two groups. Elyssa and CG, as Blaze began to refer to the princess in his head, joined the older group, while Blaze and Priscilla joined the younger. 

The training began with a couple of lectures from Tir's teachers before they began conducting spars between the students. Priscilla fought the first spar of the day against a short haired, fifty-year-old angel from Xian. The Xian wielded a spear and shield, which made a good match for Priscilla's sword and shield. 

Though the match was tilted in Priscilla's favor from the start, it was a close one. They fought for almost twenty minutes before the Malakim managed to get into the Xian angel's range. She thrust her sword at her opponent's face, and when the girl used her shield to block it, Priscilla kicked her in the gut. Rattled by the blow, the Xian could not parry her following attacks, forcing her to concede defeat. 

Blaze immediately stood up after their match. He was itching to test out his new gauntlets, so he pulled them out of their case and began to don them. 

A sinewy and muscular Xian with opulent black hair held in a high ponytail stood up from the Xian side and walked into the arena. When she reached the middle, she undid her skirt and pulled it off to reveal that her navy-blue top was, in fact, a leotard. It was a scanty piece of clothing, as the lower part only consisted of a narrow strip of cloth that barely covered her slit before running up into her butt cheeks. 

However, Blaze could tell from the look on the angel's face that the only reason she dressed that way was for convenience. She pulled out an identical pair of long kopis, a type of forward curving blade, and manifested her pale blue wings with light purple tips, before looking at him in challenge. 

Blaze pulled the hem of his gauntlets down his arms before hopping into the ring, simultaneously manifesting his own red and white wings. Everyone expected him to pull out a weapon, but when he flew up and beckoned the Xian towards him, they could only stare at him in confusion. They couldn't tell if he was belittling the Xian, or had some trick up his sleeve. None of them had heard of the Blazing Fury being a fist fighter. 

CG walked over from the other arena with Elyssa in tow. Blaze's opponent flew up to him and threw him a questioning glance. 

"I haven't used these before, but I plan on using them at the tournament. Please give me your best," Blaze asked her sincerely, with a slight bow. 

"My name is Huizhong Liu. Please advise," said the girl, with a bow of her own. 

Blaze understood that 'advise' was her way of asking for a proper spar. 

"Start!" cried one of the teachers from below, and Blaze immediately rushed towards HL. 

The last thing the Xian girl expected was for Blaze to rush at a dual wielder with only a pair of gauntlets. She hastily crossed her weapons in defense as he flew at her like Superman and threw a straight right at her weapons. 

His gauntlets rang in a resounding clash against the kopis and pushed the angel back through the air. Blaze did not stop as he dived glided to her before throwing an uppercut with his left hand, from ten feet below her. His fist met the intersection of the two blades and threw them apart, leaving her defenses wide open. 

Blaze followed up with the most obvious finisher â€” a powerful cross punch straight to her face. 

However, the Xian angel was no ordinary fighter. Even in the split second that Blaze had taken to wind up his arm, the girl had began flapping her wings backwards. She drifted up and away from him as Blaze's fist connected, right on the softness of her left breast instead of her face. 

Her two kopis immediately came down towards his shoulders. But, she was too slow when compared to Jie Er. He put up his arms and took the blades against the knobs on the wrists of the gauntlets. They were meant to attach a buckler, but they could also be used to block the blade of a weapon. 

As the blades clashed against his gauntlets, Blaze kicked into the <em>ina's</em> exposed gut, knocking the air out of her lungs and sending her flying away from him. Adrenaline coursed through his veins as he charged after her. A brawl was what he was best at, and it excited him. 

With a gleeful smile on his face he maintained his distance inside her guard and kept up his incessant punching, leaving her no room to maneuver her kopis. 

The Xian took five punches and three more kicks, before the teachers below decided to call off the match. 

"Thank you for the fight," Blaze heaved at the girl, stopping his spinning back fist before it landed on her cheek. He had been unconsciously holding his breath while chaining his punches at the angel. 

The girl appeared winded as she gave him a nod and floated down to her peers, disappointment evident on her face. Blaze dropped down towards CG and Elyssa. 

"That was a thrilling display of martial skill, Fenguang," CG told him cheerily, as he walked up to them. "I did not believe that you had a chance against Nikolett Lovag, but this fight has convinced me otherwise." 

"Thank you, Princess Chenguang. I <em>will</em> defeat her!" 

"I did expect you to be a bit more elegant, though," she continued. 

"Whatever made you think that?" Blaze snickered. 

"Yes. Blaze and elegance do not even belong in the same dictionary," Elyssa snorted. 

"Hey! I can be elegant if I want to." 

CG laughed at them. "You two seem like excellent friends," she commented. 

"Best buddies," Blaze said, wrapping as arm around Elyssa and pulling her towards him. 

"Sadly," Ely agreed. 

The three conversed for a little while before heading back to their own training groups. The rest of the day was spent in more spars and advice from the teachers, with intermittent exercises in between. It was a rigorous workout, but Blaze couldn't help feeling a little disappointed. He sparred against another Xian and won the match as easily as his first, even if the bout lasted longer than the first. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
<em>Maybe I should ask the seniors for some guidance,</em> he wondered towards the end of the day. <em>Why am I so awesome?</em> 

*** 

During dinner that evening, while conversing with the princess, Blaze dropped the idea of having a campfire. Although signs of spring were beginning to show in Shapur, the cool northeastern breezes made the nights at Tir chilly and dry, making the weather perfect for a campfire. The princess brought it up with the teachers, and they agreed without anyone being wiser that it was Blaze's idea. 

The students made two campfires, one for the older students and the teachers, and one for the younger ones. The princess chose to join her peers in age. Elyssa claimed that she wanted to keep the princess company, and sat down beside Blaze, bringing out the stick in her space ring and nonchalantly poking at the ground in front of them. 

The end of the stick oddly seemed to be angled towards him. Blaze had yet to figure out the true purpose of the ever-present stick in her space ring. 

"I am a sucker for good stories," he spoke, looking into the campfire and choosing to ignore the stick. Elyssa wouldn't spank him. "Can one of you tell us a good Xian story?" he asked the Xians. He picked up a skewered kebab from the fire, and offered it to CG sitting on his right, before taking one for himself. 

On the first glance, the Xian did not appear to be the best of conversationalists, but once they became comfortable around one another, the younger ones at least seemed to open up. 

The angel who had fought against Priscilla glanced at the princess for permission, before beginning a tale of adventure about a young angel and her tainted aunt, who travel in search of a mystical root that can cure her sick mother. 

An Aranyan angel from another academy volunteered after her and told them a story about an eagle-angel angelomorph. 

"... and that is why we have the mountain worshipping festival," she concluded as Blaze finished his fifth kebab stick. The vegetables and meat dipped in the deliciously salty Xian sauce and roasted over the fire melted in his mouth like candy, and were simply irresistible. 

CG also proved to be a voracious eater, and it seemed like the only reason she controlled herself was because she had to behave like a princess. She finished her third stick and turned to Blaze, "If you like stories so much, you must know some good ones yourself," she asked him, pointing her kebab stick at him. 

"Ah, no, no. I only like listening to stories. I am pretty bad at narrating them," he said, putting up a pretense. 

Elyssa snorted. "That is a lie. He is the best at making up stories," she chimed. 

"Come now. You are the one who started this. You should tell us a story. Do not be shy," CG pressed. 

"Well, if you insist. But the one currently on my mind may not be appropriate for the moment. It's about the building you're staying in and I'm afraid it's a bit scary," he said mysteriously. Elyssa poked his leg with her stick, making him jump. "Seems like I am already getting the jitters," he laughed nervously. He noticed Priscilla eyeing him from the opposite side. 

"Oh, it is fine! I am sure all of us here are very brave," CG said, waving her hand at the students huddled around the campfire. 

"Well, don't say I didn't warn you. This story is the reason why Elyssa and I chose to stay in our own dorms." 

"No, it is not!" Elyssa cried. 

"Maybe not, but the story is true..." 

"Go on, tell us!" CG prodded, inquisitively leaning towards him. Blaze glanced at her brilliant eyes and peachy pink lips and wondered if he would ever fuck a princess. However, he planned to keep his hands off of CG. The Xian were pretty much the only country besides the pixies that supported his claim over Sky. He also liked CG as a friend, and he didn't mess around with his friends, unless he fucked first and became friends later. 

It was two days from new moon, and the sky was clear and the night was dark. They had turned off the nearby lights to improve the feel of the campfire, and only the swaying fire illuminated their faces, while their bodies cast long dancing shadows on the ground. 

Blaze waited for their fire to give out a loud crackle before he began. 

"It was the Hala dynasty â€”different from Helaâ€” that built the Agrasen Palace," he said, solemnly gazing at the rustic palace. "They ruled around three thousand years ago, and Tir academy is built on the same grounds that once housed the rulers of a vast dynasty that spread across most of Aranya and parts of Xian and the Caledonian Empire. 

"The Halas were the greatest builders of their time, building numerous works of marvelous and intricate architecture all over the country, and around this campus. However, this is the only Hala building in Shapur that still survives in its original form," he spoke, looking around to see if the students were listening. 

They were â€” his voice, while spinning tales, had a natural cadence and mystery that made them hang onto his every word. Even Priscilla and Elyssa were listening with rapt attention. 

"I've always wondered why this was the only building that still stood. Surely, there must've been a few more that should've survived, even as mere ruins." 

Once he received several nods, he continued. 

"So, purely out of curiosity, I did some research. I learnt that this building was built for the last princess of Hala, who was known to be quite the weird one â€” interested in demonic energies, and things from the beyond. I haven't been able to find any confirmed tales about her, but I did find an interesting story about someone else. The people of Shapur may have forgotten about them but the books at Tir library haven't. 

"Seven hundred years ago, this building housed a pariah duchess and her two daughters. People claimed that they were tainted, and were rumored to be practitioners of the occult," he said. 

A pack of wild dogs began to howl in the nearby grasslands. The silent night carried their voices, and Blaze waited for them to finish their song, before he continued. 

"The three angels used to roam around the grounds at night, wearing transparent black gowns and carrying candles that burned darker than any candle should. They used to paint the walls of the palace in strange and convoluted blood red symbols, which somehow disappeared by daylight. 

"And every night, when midnight struck, they began to sing an eerie song while strange, unworldly music played within the halls of the building. Some angels even spotted them floating and circling the palace â€”without their wings manifested." 

"Maybe they were djinn?" Priscilla interjected, receiving several nods from other students. Like the pixies and mermaids, djinn were a variant race of angels and demons. They didn't have wings but could fly by turning their lower bodies into a gaseous form. 

"They weren't. I checked," he shook his head. "Anyway, the townsfolk soon began to complain to their mayor. She had initially tried to ignore the duchess and her daughters because of their rank, but as the incidents escalated, she steeled her will and went to meet the family. 

"Surprisingly, the three angels proved to be a convivial lot. They received the mayor with grace, while politely rejecting the claims against them. They even baked the mayor a cake. 

"Since there was no concrete proof of their activities, and most of the townsfolk were too scared to keep a watch at night, the mayor could only give them a light warning before she took her leave. 

"The mayor's conversation seemed to have an effect on the duchess and her daughters, and the eerie occurrences at night stopped." 

A few breaths of relief went up around the campfire. 

"Until the next new moon night," Blaze began after a moment, watching and enjoying the angels stiffen with tension. "It had been a silent night. No wind, no dogs, no birds, nothing. But, when the town clock struck midnight, echoing banshee-like wails began to spread through the town, with an ever-increasing tempo. They seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere, and everyone in the town heard the wails with the same loudness. But the townsfolk knew their exact origin." 

CG's grip on her kebab stick tightened, and he saw a few angels inch towards their neighbors. Priscilla's expression was the most precious. She looked terrified yet was hanging on to his every word. 

"The angels of the town huddled in their beds and endured the night in abject fear. The next morning, the mayor arranged a group of guards and flew to the palace. Everything was quiet. No chirping birds, no crickets, nothing," he breathed, waving his hand. "Even the wind wasn't making any noise as it blew through the trees. The leaves moved, but they did not rustle, as if something was dampening their voices. 

"Braving themselves, the group of angels walked into the mansion. What do you think they found?" 

Everyone shook their heads. 

"Nothing. At least, not until they reached the master bedroom. There, they found the three angels dead, completely naked, and with their wings splayed wide open. They had no visible signs of harm on their bodies, and their lips bore the creepiest of smiles, almost happy, as their glazed, dying eyeballs gazed at a single, open window." 

CG gulped. It was possible that her room had been the master bedroom. 

"I don't know how much of it is true," he finally confessed, after giving his listeners a few moments to contemplate his story. "But I know one thing for sure. The workers who remodeled the building apparently did not like working here after dark. They all felt that there was something creepy about the palace." 

CG looked unsettled for a moment, before a smile broke out on her face. "That was the most thrilling and enthralling tale I have heard in a long time, Fenguang. I hope I get to meet a ghost or two," she laughed, slapping his thigh and reaching for another kebab stick. "You should tell me more stories," she said, but most of the other students didn't seem to share her enthusiasm. Priscilla seemed to be one of the more frightened of the lot. <em>First target locked on</em>, Blaze snickered in his head. 

"Is it true?" CG asked Elyssa. 

"It is true that the palace once housed a cast-out duchess. I am not sure about everything else. Old buildings tend to have various rumors about them," she answered. Blaze had done too much homework. She couldn't tell which parts of the story had been made up. Any building with a three-thousand-year history was bound to have its share of strangeness. "I really do not think there is anything to fear, though." 

"Well, it is getting late. I should head back to my dorm," Blaze said, picking up the last kebab piece. "Have a good night's sleep," he said to everyone, and turned to the princess to take his leave. 

"Are you not going to join us in the baoli?" CG asked him. 

Baoli was the local term for stepwells. The Agrasen palace had an ancient step well situated behind it. 

"Er... I prefer to bathe alone, princess. I am sorry," he replied. Though he loved the idea of bathing with thirty or forty naked angels, he had a stiff problem that he could not reveal to them. 

Elyssa also excused herself and followed after Blaze. 

*** 

"Alright, brat, tell me what you are planning to do," Elyssa asked as they flew back. 

"Nothing." 

"Fat chance." 

"You gotta learn, my young padawan. Doing anything more tonight will only arouse suspicion. Tonight, we just go to bed and let them mull over my story. A few nights of waiting for something to happen will do wonders when something actually does happen." 

"Okay, prankster-in-chief of Tir," she shook her head at him wryly. 

"Not a bad title. You can be lieutenant prankster," he answered. 

"You better tell me whatever it is that you are planning," she warned him again, though she had a good idea of what it was. 

"Where's the fun if I don't involve my best friend in it?" he smiled at her impishly. 

Elyssa groaned, but Blaze was convinced she was as excited as him. 

oOo 

The next day, Blaze found signs of his plan working. At least a few of the angels from both Xian and Aranya appeared a little sleepless. Nevertheless, he did not raise the topic again, and simply spent the day training and learning from his new teachers. The spear was the weapon of choice for Xian, and the teachers had some good advice for both Blaze and Elyssa; Ely's primary weapon was a spear. 

On the morning of the day after, Blaze borrowed a couple of harnesses from the stable when he went to visit Sky. Afterwards, he joined the training and acted <em>normal</em>, making Elyssa hope that he had forgotten about the prank. 

Even when they were returning to their rooms that evening, Blaze didn't speak a word of it. 

However, at the stroke of midnight, Elyssa was woken up by an incessant rapping against her window. Blaze was hanging from her window-lintel with his wings spread open and pasted against the walls of her building. He had a wide, idiotic grin on his face. 

"Ready for some mischief?" he asked her, when she opened her window. 

She let out a sigh of defeat. "What is the plan, spider?" she asked, watching him cling to the wall. He was wearing his usual clothes but had a red harness over them. 

"I can't hover as well as you," he said, stepping onto the windowsill and giving her a hand. 

Elyssa jumped out of her window without taking his hand. Her wings were out within a fraction of a second, and soon, the duo were flying towards the palace. Ely didn't bother asking him questions, as she knew she wasn't going to get a proper response. She told herself that she was just there to stop him from doing anything excessive. 

When they reached the palace, Blaze jumped into Elyssa's arms and unmanifested his wings. "Land there, silently," he said, pointing at a spot behind the central dome, and on the back arm of the building. He was a little heavy with his landings when compared to Elyssa or Siofra, and didn't want to make too much noise. 

Except for the domes, the roof of the building was flat, with a thick parapet running along the edges of the three arms. It was perfect for lowering himself from the terrace. 

Elyssa looked at the room right underneath where he wanted her to land. The poor angel had her windows open, to let the breeze and Blaze in. However, it wouldn't have mattered in the long run. The glass shutters did not have locks, and Blaze would've easily managed to pry them open. She sighed and landed. 

It was a dark, moonless night, and the two angels were nothing but two vague silhouettes on the building. 

"Who's the poor girl in there?" she whispered, as he brought out a white blanket and a rope. He had stitched the ends of the blanket together and made holes for his eyes, arms, and the rope at the back. 

"Priscilla," he answered, without beating an eye. 

"I thought we were pranking the Xian, not scaring the daylights out of angels you dislike." 

"We have to start with one of our own. Who else but little Prissy?" 

"You really have it out for her, don't you?" 

"What?! No. This is how we become friends," he cried out in mock anger. 

"Not in this world." 

Blaze draped the blanket over himself and attached the rope through the backside hole. "Boooooooh," he whispered, raising his arms. 

"You aren't fooling anyone with that," Elyssa told him dryly. He looked like a little kid with a blanket over him. 

"Imagination is a <em>powerful</em> thiiing, my fleshly frienddd," he replied, getting into his role. 

"You are a <em>thing,</em> alright." 

<em>No. The Thing would be a lot scarier.</em> 

"Now, lower me down. One tug means to lower a bit, two tugs means bring me up. Three means get me the Hela out. Make sure you dangle me by the window for a second before you pull me back up. We want to give the impression that I am floating without wings." 

"Okay, don't do anything that I may consider excessive," she whispered. 

Blaze skipped over the wall and gently lowered himself, as Elyssa held the rope against the edge. Angel muscles were a lot stronger than human, and he scaled down the wall with ease. Once he reached the window, he swung to the side, and stepped in using the windowsill as a foothold. 

Priscilla's room was illuminated only by the starlight streaming in through the window, but it was enough for Blaze's eyes, which had grown used to the darkness. 

He found the young Malakim peacefully asleep under her blanket. 

He tiptoed his way across the carpeted flooring and peered at her sleeping face. She was an attractive angel, and without the haughtiness she carried around when awake, he found her quite pretty. She was breathing through her mouth and her pouty red lips were slightly ajar, while her mighty chest gently rose with every breath she took. 

Blaze reached out a hand under his blanket and bopped her pretty little nose. 

No response. 

He booped her again. 

On the third try, she muttered something about a damned pixie lover and turned around, taking her blanket under her. 

Blaze took in her figure. She was wearing a scanty pink negligee and a pair of frilly white panties, neither hiding the magnificent rise of her tight butt cheeks, as she lay with one leg splayed to the side. 

He couldn't stop himself from reaching out and poking her on the butt. His finger sunk into the springy flesh. He flicked her cheek and watched it bounce. Fascinated, he repeated it, before looking up at her face. 

A pair of confused blue eyes were staring at him from over her shoulder. 

"BOO," he said, raising his arms under the blanket. 

There was a brief pause of silence, before an ear-splitting cry pierced through the palace and its surroundings. Priscilla scrambled against the head of her bed, clutching her blanket, while Blaze scampered towards the window. 

He tugged on his rope twice and jumped out. Elyssa hovered him near the window for a couple of seconds before pulling him up. 

Blaze had his wings out by the time he reached the top. "Fly, you fool," he whispered loudly, before grabbing the rope from her hands and taking off. 

"What did you do?" she asked, catching up to him. 

"I merely woke her up and said boo," he shook his head. Even he hadn't expected such a strong reaction. 

*** 

The next morning, almost everyone besides Blaze looked sleep deprived. 

"What happened?" he asked one of Tir's older students, making sure he was within earshot of a rattled and embarrassed-looking Priscilla. 

"Priscilla woke the entire dorm with her scream last night. She claims she saw a ghost, but it was probably just had a bad dream," the ivka shook her head. 

Blaze glanced at Priscilla and she narrowed her eyes at him, expecting him to make fun of her. "What did she say she saw?" he asked. 

"Some floating entity. Apparently, it hovered by her window before it disappeared. Probably a nightmare. We all have them sometimes." 

"Maybe not, Ari. Remember I told you that I kept hearing things on the first night?" another ivka said to Ari. 

Blaze turned to Priscilla and shouted, "I believe you." Her eyes widened along with everyone else's. 

"Surely you don't believe in ghosts, Fenghuang," CG laughed, as she walked up to him. 

"No, but I believe that Priscilla may have seen something. We may have our differences, but I don't think she is someone who'd be scared by a mere dream," he declared righteously. He saw Elyssa glaring at him from behind the princess, hoping he would just shut up. 

"Well, we will know for sure if it appears again," CG nodded. 

*** 

The trainers from Xian held a lecture or two each day, but that day's lesson was a little different. One of the trainers, who was an archangel of the Xian army, spoke to the younger batch of angels from Aranya as they sat inside one of the first-floor halls of the Agrasen palace. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
She was a wide-shouldered, gruff-looking angel named Heidi Xuanwu, and was a proficient spear user. Her expression was always severe, but she was quite helpful to the students. Blaze had received from her a few tips on how to face against a bardiche. 

"Today's lecture shall be a little different," she began, garnering the students' attention. "I've been tasked to speak about the Taiga warriors of Xian. Have any of you heard of them?" 

"Aren't they similar to the grey ones of the Malakim?" answered Priscilla. 

"No. In fact, that comparison is a little offensive to most Taiga warriors. We have no interest in political matters, and strive only towards martial excellence and protecting the Xian and the Heavenly Union from external threats," Heidi said, without mincing her words. "Our Empress is also a Taiga warrior and is one of the strongest deities of the Union. 

"Though the Xian are as inclined towards the light, as any other angel, we also believe in the duality of nature. Light and dark, good and evil, positive and negative, absence and presence â€” none can exist without the other. Most angels recognize this, yet they reject the other side. The Taiga try to embrace the other side when required, and keep it at an arm's length when not." 

<em>Yin and Yang,</em> Blaze mused. <em>Of course</em>, he rolled his eyes. 

"So, what is the difference between you and the grey ones?" Priscilla asked. 

Heidi answered by manifesting two pairs of pale pink wings. "Do these look like those of a grey one?" 

Priscilla shook her head. The color of the grey ones' wings greyed in proportion to how <em>tainted</em> they were. Heidi's wings were pure. 

"Now, watch this," the teacher continued, dematerializing her lower pair of wings and focusing on her first pair. Her face scrunched up in concentration as her left wing began to change color. The pale lavender pink turned a deep magenta, before it kept getting darker. Finally, it turned black, with a slight hint of maroon. 

The left side of Heidi face held a sneer while her right rose up in half a smile, almost like a bipolar opera mask. Her expression, along with wings of two contrasting colors, made her look quite cool. "What do you feel right now?" Blaze asked on impulse. 

"Everything. Love &amp; hatred. Joy &amp; anger. Trust &amp; disgust... but mostly the instinct to protect overlapping the instinct to kill," she said, slowly turning her wings back to normal and dematerializing them. The sneer faded away. "It is actually easier in the heat of battle." 

"So, you pretty much become a half-demon?" 

"We are <em>nothing</em> like the demons," Heidi spat at him with a glare, before realizing he was only curious. "Well, maybe that is not entirely true. In the heat of battle, a half-demon may be exactly what we are. But, what makes a demon, is the inability to control evil impulses, not merely feeling them. The Taiga would never act out against an angel." 

"How does it help?" asked some other student. 

"Angels have always been known to be defensively stronger while the demons are more attack oriented. The Taiga try to match the attack prowess of the demons, without losing our defensive strength. However, it is not as ideal as it sounds," she explained. 

"How do you become a Taiga?" Blaze asked, though he had no intention of embracing his dark side. He had grown to fear it. 

"You have to undergo a temperance in war. It is not something you can force. I fought and killed many demons before I was able to grasp the concept. Many who try often become tainted. I do not think it is appropriate for the Righteous Fury," Heidi answered, with a slight smile. 

"Just curious," he responded. 

Heidi explained a few more nuances of the Taiga before moving on to topics more relevant for the students. 

*** 

Elyssa showed up at his window that night. "Look who's suddenly enthusiastic?" he teased her. 

"I am just making sure you don't take off without me. I still need to keep an eye on you," she replied flatly. "So, who are were scaring today?" 

"CG," he replied, donning the harness and stuffing his 'ghost blanky' into his ring. 

"Blaze! That's a little excessive. Besides, she may not be alone," she shook her head. 

"No, I asked her. She sleeps alone. Besides, would a ghost differentiate between a princess and a normal angel?" he asked, waving his finger. "We prank her, and no one would even suspect us." 

"I don't know. You are pretty suspicious." 

"Ely..." 

"Fine, but just do your thing from the window. Don't go to her bedside like you did with Priscilla. The princess is pretty tough," she said poking him in his chest. 

"Okay, okay. Let's go." 

The Xian princess' bedroom was located within the central dome of the building, with its windows facing the fountain at the front. 

Blaze and Elyssa landed on the etched roof of the domes and like before, Elyssa lowered him down to one of the windows. It was a bit more difficult, as she had to hang on to a carved figure etched onto the dome while she held the rope. 

Unlike Priscilla's, CG's windows were closed. He hung from the window-lintel and gently pried open the shutter. Starlight streamed in, but the lights were off. It was too dark to notice anything besides a vague form of the princess sleeping in her bed. He placed a foot on the windowsill and stepped in. 

"Hello, ghost. You do not seem like you can float without wings," Blaze heard CG's voice from his right, making him nearly fall off the window in fright. 

She stepped into the light and it illuminated her grinning face. 

"Boo?" he questioned. 

The grin on her face only widened. 

<em>Shit.</em> He immediately reached for the rope on his back, but the princess was faster. 

"I know it is you, Fenghuang. And, I feel like you may need a third ghost," she said, grabbing his arm. 

Five minutes later, three conspiratorial angels sat by the window and plotted against the poor students sleeping in the Agrasen palace. 

"I hope you don't take offense, princess. It was just a practical joke," Elyssa apologized on their behalf. 

"It is alright. I find this quite fun," CG replied. 

"Since when did you know?" Blaze wanted to know. 

"I had an inkling from the day the Malakim screamed. I was convinced it was you when you seemed a little too concerned over my sleeping habits... You were trying too hard, Fenguhuang." 

"I <em>told</em> you. You were being too obvious!" Elyssa chided him. 

"Well, it's not a proper prank if people don't at least suspect you of doing it," Blaze shrugged his shoulders. "So, you want to be the third ghost, huh? I have a good plan," he grinned at CG, rubbing his hands. 

"I don't think you should be involved, princess." 

"I disagree. It is better for all of us if I am involved. We get to share the blame. Is that not partly why you are tagging along with Blaze, Ms. Elyssa?" 

"Friend," Blaze said, placing a palm over CG's knee. She glanced down at it but didn't seem to mind it too much. "Your role might put you at the most risk. Are you up for it?" 

"Naturally." 

"Alright then, since we are three now, we need a vow of conspiracy," he said, putting his right hand forward. CG immediately placed hers on his and Elyssa reluctantly followed. "Now, repeat after me," he said in a grave whisper. "<em>We the ghastly marauders of the Agrasen palace solemnly swear that we are up to no good</em>." 

The two angels repeated after him. "This vow shall remain unbroken until I say <em>mischief managed</em>." 

*** 

By the next morning, as no more apparitions had appeared since Priscilla's episode, most of the students seemed to have put the matter behind them. The ex-Houri seemed a little downcast, but Blaze was going to rectify it. Their target today was all of the Xian students. 

After a long day of rigorous training, most students went to bed early that night, and fell into deep slumbers. 

It was in the middle of the night that a Xian ivka sleeping in the corner room of the building woke up to a light knocking at her door, followed by a grating noise against its surface. She thought she had dreamt it, but she heard another light knock, followed by what seemed to be a muffled giggle. 

Thinking it was one of the younger students, she got up from her bed and opened her door. There was no one around. She looked to the left, and spotted a figure in white gliding across the long and narrow hallway, lit only by the dim light of wall sconces. 

The walls of the hallway were decorated with portraits of people who had once lived in the building, and the gliding figure seemed to have stepped right out of them for the night. The figure knocked once on a door and then scratched on it with long, purple nails as it walked past. 

The ivka watched in horror as <em>it</em> suddenly stopped and turned around, revealing a face of two vertical hollow eyes and a horizontal slit for a mouth. The mouth began to open, and the terrified angel shut the door behind her. Knees weak and heart pounding, she leaned against the door as she clutched the doorknob and tried to calm herself down. 

That's when she spotted the ghastly black figure floating outside her window. Blaze had given his white blanket to CG. 

"Gaaaaastlyyyyy," he groaned. The ivka screamed, and Elyssa moved him to the next. 

A series of screams followed the first, and Blaze and Elyssa were soon flying back to their dorms, while CG lay giggling in her bedâ€” her expression quite contrary to her usual demeanor. 

"How are they so scared of a couple of floating blankets?" Elyssa questioned as they flew back. She was beginning to feel a little guilty. 

"Imagination is a powerful tool, Ely," Blaze snickered. "Don't feel too bad. This is all in the name of training. Mental training." 

"You need some of it, yourself." 

*** 

The next morning, before he could head out to the palace, he found Alice knocking on his door. 

"The headmistress requires your presence," she told him with an indecipherable smile. 

<em>Uh oh</em>. 

However, once they stepped outside and manifested their wings, Alice turned in a different direction. 

"Where are <em>you</em> going?" he asked. 

"I have other chores," she said simply. 

"Oh!" he said, unable to help the lascivious grin that sprouted on his face. <em>Fiora just wants to do more research. Hehe.</em> 

Alice gave him a knowing grin before she flew away. 

Fiora opened her door herself when he knocked on it, and once he stepped inside, she hurriedly closed it behind him and bolted it. 

Blaze began to say something randy, but his words got stuck in his mouth as he saw her pull out a straight edge. 

"W-What's that for?" he stammered, his voice gaining a higher pitch as he stepped back in fear. 

"I have been a headmistress for over a hundred years, Ms. Blaze, and I never had to spank a student. You not only cause trouble, but you've somehow managed to corrupt Ms. Elyssa, who has been a model student for forty years," she told him, as she stepped towards him with a stern expression on her face. 

Blaze kept stepping back, his eyes focused on the straight edge gently striking her palm. "I don't know what you're talking about! And 'corrupting' is such a harsh word," he cried as his behind hit the table. Pasting himself against it, he tried to protect his rear from its impending doom. 

"Do you think I'm stupid, Ms. Blaze? I don't know how you did it, but I know that the ghosts of the palace are <em>your</em> doing. Your matron also spotted you coming back late last night. It is an awful coincidence, is it not?" 

"You've got no proof!" 

"I don't need it. Now tell me whether you prefer the stick or my hand?" 

"Neither!" 

"I am giving you a choice. I am willing to make it for you," she told him seriously. 

"...Hand?" he squeaked. If he was going to get spanked, he might as well feel some skin. 

So, leaning over Fiora's thighs, Blaze took his punishment like a man -- screaming, struggling, and shouting of murder. She didn't hit him too hard, but it was a matter of honor, you see. 

*** 

When Blaze stepped out of the building fifteen minutes later, with a smarting rump, he found Elyssa heading towards him. 

He ran towards her and caught her hand. "Don't go, Ely! Unless you want to get a spanking," he cried out, exaggeratedly pulling against her arm. He didn't want to picture Elyssa getting spanked. 

"Let go, Blaze. I know she knows. I don't think I will get a spanking. She will probably just tell me off," she said, prying his hand off hers. 

"No, she gave me one!" 

"I can imagine. But, I am a little old for a spanking," she shook her head and began to head in. 

"Seriously! How old do you guys think I am?!" he shouted at her back. 

"Exactly how old you are and act. Zero." 

<em>You don't spank a zero year old,</em> he complained in his head and waited for her to return. She came back ten minutes later, but didn't seem to be in any discomfort. 

"What happened?" he asked her, curiously. 

"She just wanted to know the whole story. She was surprised that the princess was involved. She also sorta thanked me for keeping you from causing more trouble than you already have," she replied, with a comical smile. Even she hadn't expected to get off so lightly. "However, she did tell me to keep away from scaring anymore of the Xian." 

"What? That's so unfair!" he whined. <em>Damn Fiora! See if I don't make you scream in pleasure while I spank your butt until it's as red as your hair.</em> 

oOo 

CG had her private spar with Elyssa the day after. Even Blaze had not been allowed to watch. When they returned to the training area, neither displayed any strong emotion. 

"What happened?" he asked Elyssa, when she walked up to him. Despite her spear-wielding costume at Seshat, CG used a narrow longsword. He had seen her fight during practice and knew she was strong, but he could not get a good gauge of her strength. 

"I won, obviously," she replied, matter-of-factly. "But she is strong, Blaze. You should feel happy she is not taking part in the tournament. She would've been another tall hurdle for you to leap over." 

"Oh?" he said, unsurprised, before walking up to the princess. "Chenguang, let's have a duel," he said, bluntly. The Xian around her had stopped caring about his casual tone with the princess. They did at first, but their displeasure disappeared after a couple of days. 

"No." 

"Why not!?" he huffed. He wanted to measure himself against someone close to Nikolett's strength, and Elyssa made it seem that CG fit that category. 

"I just don't want to," she said. "It's not because I think you're weak or unworthy." 

Blaze simply gave her a disappointed sigh and walked away. The princess had made it clear from the beginning that she wasn't going to spar him. It was just that it didn't make much sense. 

*** 

A few days after the incident with Fiora, Blaze found himself itching for a soak. That evening, he had asked one of the tougher Xian seniors to duel him. She was a ninety-year-old expert spear wielder, while he used nothing his gauntlets. The result was as expected. However, though he was defeated and utterly tired after dueling her for almost an hour, he wasn't unhappy. 

He had fended off her attacks quite well and even managed to land a couple of solid punches on her. It counted as an accomplishment, as the ivka was one of the best fighters representing her country in Elyssa's category of the tournament. 

So, later that night, when he was sure that no one else would be around, he headed to the stepwell of the Agrasen palace. They were other pools on the campus, but he had been meaning to check the baoli out. 

The baoli was located behind the palace and was surrounded by an otine tree grove, hiding it away from prying eyes. Blaze had heard plenty about the exquisite architecture of the step well, but when he reached it, he was still amazed. 

It was a three or four-storied square well, fifty feet wide. The winter rain of Aranya ensured that its water level was high, and he could not tell exactly how deep the well was. 

Each floor consisted of stepped corridors and a marble-pillared pavilion. The steps and pillars were etched with images of clean and intricately etched bathing angels in various degrees of undress. 

Blaze swooped down and landed on the rock cut surface of the leading step. He pulled off his shoes as was customary, and began to climb down the steps that were dimly illuminated by the hazy light from the lampposts that surrounded the stepwell. Rolling his toes against the rock cut surface, he found it hard, cool, and gravelly, but it oddly seemed therapeutically good against his bare feet. 

He took in the warm, musty smell of the well water wafting upwards, as he gazed at the naked figures. They were definitely great beauties of their time. Some only wore sheer transparent silk that was somehow perfectly depicted on the surface of the beige marble pillars, while some others were covered in nothing but water. Blaze couldn't help but get a hard on. His dream of bathing amongst a large group of naked angels was at least fulfilled in stone. 

When he reached the water, he tested it with his foot. It wasn't heated but it was warmer than the ambient temperature. He gave a quick look around before discarding his clothes and stepping in. 

He sat on the step submerged under water and leaned back to gaze at the starry sky while letting his legs float. The rough stone surface of the step felt pleasant against his spanked butt. 

The night was silent except for an occasional cricket and even the nighttime breeze seemed like it couldn't get through the surrounding woods. 

Suddenly, he heard a flutter of wings, and he hurriedly sat up straight and closed his legs, hiding his secret between his thighs. He looked in the direction of the sound, and saw an angel with a beautiful pair of white wings glide down to the top of the well. 

It was Priscilla. Her eyes narrowed when she noticed his presence. She was wearing a loose white top and a short brown skirt. 

"What are you doing here?" he asked her. 

"The same thing you are?" 

"I'd like to bathe alone, if you don't mind," he told her, rudely. He may have tried to be polite if he wasn't naked. 

"Do I look like I care?" she said, scowling at him as she slowly descended down the stairs. 

<em>Damn, I should've told her that I was meeting Siofra.</em> 

The Malakim chose to walk towards him and stopped a few feet away before beginning to untie her pigtails. 

"There is plenty of room for you to sit anywhere else, beside here," he commented, as she let loose her long brunette hair held in two pigtails. It was sleek, full, and reached past her waist. 

"I like it here just fine," she said, grabbing the hem of her top and quickly pulling it off. A pair of gorgeous titties jiggled once before coming to rest; they were big, round, and beautiful, with small pink nipples. 

She shook her head to spread her hair behind her before glancing at him. Finding him ogling her, she returned a smug grin. His flat chest was quite striking even when he wasn't naked. 

Blaze felt his dick threaten to surge out of his thighs, and he hastily overlapped his legs to prevent it. 

"You are quite flat," she said, taking his muddling around as a sign of discomfort. "But, I guess you have time to grow." 

"Hmph. I don't need no lumps of fat hanging off my chest. No, thank you. And I've seen bigger and better," he let her know. 

She scowled at him again. "I was trying to be nice, for once," she said, reaching for her skirt. 

<em>Oh, I'd show you nice, if you weren't a Malakim</em>, he thought as she slowly pulled down her skirt and panties by leaning forward. Her back arched and her butt erotically projected upwards, while her tits lolled like two massive jugs. He had always wondered why women did that while disrobingâ€”maybe it was the shape of their bodies or the plumpness of their behinds. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
She stepped out of her skirt and stood up straight. 

Priscilla was a hottie. She was toned and slightly muscular, and her shape was almost perfect. A thin pink slit and a small nub peeked from under her groin, as she walked down the steps with a swaying gait that he had never noticed or cared about before. He had always been too pissed off at her to pay attention to her physical appearance. 

She lowered herself into the water a few feet away from him and arched her head back to wet her hair, before disappearing under water for a few seconds. She came out with a gasp of breath, before heaving herself up onto the first underwater step, her breasts shimmering under their weight. 

Great drops of clear water rolled of her clear skin and dripped from suddenly stiff nipples. She leaned back on her hands and overlapped her thighs, enhancing the shapely curves. 

Blaze reluctantly turned his head away. If he watched anymore, he was sure he would end up doing something he would regret. "If only you could extend that <em>niceness</em> to Siofra," he said to her earlier comment. 

Priscilla simply shook her head, laid her head back against a step and closed her eyes. Her nipples and the top of her breasts peeked over the surface of the water. 

Blaze sighed and uncomfortably waited for her to take a quick soak and leave. His posture was awkward, and he couldn't get up without revealing his junk. 

A few minutes into her soak, she suddenly raised her head. "I apologize for throwing my spear at the Quetzal. I thought it belonged to the demons," she said softly. 

Blaze wanted to let her know that Sky was a baby bird, but he silently accepted her apology. 

"I have also realized that I may have been a bit arrogant recently," she continued, "The honor of being a Houri had made me prideful. I have begun working on getting stronger and learning to be more humble for the gifts I've been given. However, I still think you're misguided about the pixies. I hope you don't find it out the hard way," she said, without mincing her words. 

Blaze's eyes widened in disbelief. He had not thought that she had the capacity for such words. It made him feel guilty about his more recent actions towards her. "I choose to trust people unless they have proven otherwise," he nonetheless responded to her words. "I do not know about other pixies, but I know Siofra. You may see my opinion as being naÃ¯ve, but from my perspective, your side looks cynical and hypocritical." 

"The pixies are-" she began, but she suddenly froze. Her eyes bulged and her face lost all color. 

Blaze noticed her looking over his shoulder and the concept of seeing whatever she was seeing sent a shiver down his spine. The reason he enjoyed playing scare pranks was because he was himself frightened of ghosts. He didn't believe in them, but he was nonetheless spooked of them. The baoli and its surroundings seemed awfully quiet, all of a sudden. 

He steeled his nerves and slowly turned around to look towards the top floor pavilion the malakim was looking at. His eyes hurriedly searched for something, but there was nothing beside the dim light coming from the wall sconces. His rapidly beating heart slowed as he turned back to speak to her. 

"Very funny. You almost had me there," he said, but soon realized that she wasn't laughing, and it was only his words that brought her out of her reverie. 

"It was there just a moment ago! I swear. Oh Goddess, its horrendous eyes," Priscilla voice quivered as she hurriedly waded towards him. 

<em>Was it Elyssa? But she wouldn't put me in a spot with Priscilla</em>, he thought, glancing at the terrified girl coming to him for solace. 

"It's probably a curtain or something Priscilla, I don't see anything," he mollified her. The pavilion had white curtains, but there was no breeze to move them. 

"Suddenly, he felt a chill against the back of his neck. He turned around and caught a glimpse of white flit across the pavilion and disappear behind one of the pillars. It was definitely not a curtain. Goosebumps began to sprout on his skin. 

As he watched, a slow fog seemed to roll in from everywhere and nowhere, obscuring some of the higher levels, and the temperature in the well seemed to drop a few degrees. The braziers sputtered, some of them going out, others seemingly dancing in a phantom breeze. 

Suddenly, a shrill, baby-like wail echoed around the well, and Priscilla jumped into his lap and tightly wrapped her arms around his neck, almost choking him. She was shivering and her breasts were firmly pressed against his cheek, but Blaze couldn't even acknowledge the fact. 

He wrapped his arms around her waist and held on to her as his eyes scanned the surroundings. 

Another wail rolled across them, striking fear into his heart. Chills ran down his spine and he seemed unable to move or speak, frozen in place with terror. 

<em>It</em> reappeared for a brief moment, only to flit across to the next pillar. It seemed to avoid the light as it moved between pillars and shadows, the fog serving to obscure it even more. Moments that seemed like an eternity ticked by as <em>it</em> slowly inched towards them, step by step. 

"<em>Fuck no!</em>" Blaze yelled to regain his senses. He grabbed Priscilla by the butt and stood up as she wrapped her long legs around his waist and gripped him as tightly as she could. She was taller than him, but her torso was small enough to snugly fit into his chest. 

Blaze quickly manifested his wings; the Malakim was too scared to do anything for herself. Their cheeks were pasted against each other's, as both of them looked in the direction of the apparition. It seemed to realize that its spell was broken and that they were about to leave. It stopped under one of the pavilions, slowly turning around to face them. 

They only saw a pair of hollow eyes and a hollow mouth -- nothing like his ghost blanky. They were absolutely blank; light seemingly avoiding their depths. They seemed to possess a true emptiness, and the mouth suddenly opened wide to let out a shrill scream that rattled them to their bones. 

Blaze shot up into the sky and Priscilla watched from his neck, unable to keep her eyes off the entity. Sound seemed to return to their world as Blaze passed the perimeter of the well; the beat of his wings against the light night breeze. 

Without looking back, he zipped towards the palace and to Priscilla's room. Her window was thankfully open, and he leapt through it, while quickly dematerializing his wings. Priscilla shut the windows behind him, and Blaze scurried to her bed. 

Jumping onto it, he scrambled his way to the corner before turning around and leaning against the headboard as he watched the windows, waiting for them to burst open. 

"You saw it too, didn't you? It was a ghost, wasn't it?" he heard Priscilla's meek voice whisper into his ear, while she still clung to him. 

Blaze simply nodded as he grabbed her blanket and wrapped it around them, hiding their bodies from vision. 

"Thank Goddess you were there. I don't think I would've been able to get away if you weren't there," she said, almost in a whimper. 

Their heart beats began to slow down as they realized that the apparition had not followed them, and that they could scream for the teachers if it did. 

They remained in silence for a couple of minutes before Priscilla finally raised her head from the cranny of his neck, "How did you know this was my room?" 

"Er... I..." he fumbled, as he considered telling her about his prank. Now that they had seen something potentially real, he did not feel right hiding his prank. However, he was in a precarious position. He was naked, and he did not want to risk her going ballistic at him. "I think it was the only room I saw with open windows," he answered in half-truth. 

He felt Priscilla's nod and she placed her head back on his shoulder, with seemingly no intention of getting off him yet. Without the tension from before, Blaze began to recognize the intimacy of their position. Her mighty breasts firmly pressed into his chest and her slightly warmer slit of her groin was obvious on his lower stomach. 

His prick rose, and Priscilla wasn't oblivious enough to not feel it between her butt cheeks. "What is that?" she asked him, wriggling her butt over his member. 

<em>Freak!</em> "Er... it's nothing..." 

"It is definitely something," she said, wriggling her butt again and sending his prick deeper between her cheeks. She suddenly unlocked her hands around his neck to reach behind her. 

But Blaze quickly wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly against his chest, leaving her hands no room for movement. "Don't touch it!" 

Priscilla leaned back and looked into his eyes. "What is it?" she asked, again. 

Blaze looked away from her vivid blue eyes, "Er... It's a radish! Yep, a radish. And you can't look at it or touch it!" he said the first thing that came to his mind. 

"Why would you have a radish coming out of your vagina?" she asked him, in bewilderment. 

Blaze wanted to smack himself in the face at her conclusion. "Because it feels good," he replied, trying to appear awkward. 

"Why would a radish feel good inside your vagina? Is this what you were hiding between your thighs in the pool?" 

"Huh? Uh... right. Anyway, I should get going. It's getting late," he told her hastily, without answering her question. He planned to wrap the blanket around himself and get away before she got a chance to look at it. 

However, Priscilla's legs around his waist tightened their grip. "I do not think it is safe for you to go out right now," she said, averting her eyes. "Would you stay the night? Please?" she asked, as her face turned red in embarrassment. 

<em>Oh Hell!</em> Priscilla was hot and her sudden vulnerability made him even hotter for her. How could he find the willpower when his prick was pressed against her slit and her butt hole? 

However, he steeled himself. He was not stupid enough to risk revealing himself to a true Malakim. Gritting his teeth, he pushed her off him and quickly wrapped her blanket around himself. 

He jumped off the bed and hurried to the window. "Stay in and call for help if you spot anything. Sleep with one of your Malakim friends if you have to. I need to go figure out what it is we saw," he told her, opening the window and quickly jumping onto its ledge. 

"Stop!" he heard a soft cry, but he manifested his wings and jumped off. He plummeted twenty feet before he attained enough lift to soar back into the sky. 

Fear returned as soon as he found himself alone in the night sky. He rapidly beat his wings and hurried to one place he would feel secure. 

*** 

"Ely! Was it you?" he cried, as he jumped through Elyssa's window. 

"Ugh... what? Oh, hey Blaze," Elyssa said getting up on her bed and looking at him with groggy eyes. "What's going on? We can't go scare the Xian again," she said, rubbing her sleepy eyes. 

"Elyssa! Just tell me if it was you," he said, even as he realized the answer. 

"What is going on Blaze?" Ely said, perking up on her bed, her drowsiness disappearing once she noticed how rattled he was. 

Blaze pulled the blanket tightly around himself and sat down on her chair. "I think I might've seen a real ghost, Ely." 

Elyssa got off her bed and walked up to him in a pair of long ruffled panties and a loose blue shift. "What happened?" she asked, kneeling in front of him and placing a comforting hand on his slightly shaky knee. 

Blaze recanted his account of the night's events. 

"Could it have been Chenguang?" Elyssa wondered after he finished. 

He shook his head. "No, it felt different. It wasn't a simple blanket and I wouldn't have been scared of my own freaking blanky. The thing is, Elyssa, that story of mine wasn't entirely made up. The incident with the duchess is at least partially true..." 

"I know, I checked it out. But surely there cannot be a real ghost." 

Blaze slept at Elyssa's that night. Fear was a strange thing. He had always been sure that if someone had seen a ghost, he would go and investigate. But at that moment, his mind bore none of that inquisitiveness. He scooted beside Elyssa and held her hand as they fell asleep. 

*** 

Blaze's dream that night, however, did not hold any fear for the ghost. Instead, he continued where he had left off with Priscilla. 

<em>"I do not think it is safe for you to go out right now," she said, averting her eyes. "Would you stay the night? Please?" she asked as her face turned red in embarrassment.</em> 

He looked into her eyes and saw her fear, and he felt partly responsible for it. "Okay," he finally breathed out to both their reliefs. "But you must promise you won't look at my radish. Not even a tiny glimpse!" 

Though he didn't trust the Malakim, he knew that unless they were a grey one, they wouldn't easily break a promise. 

"I promise!" she replied as her eyes brightened. "But it doesn't feel like a radish. It feels like skin and it is warm." 

"It's a very special kind of radish. That's why you can't touch it," he answered. 

"Oh..." she said before settling her head back on his shoulder and wrapping her arms behind his back. 

"Er... we are not going to sleep like this are we?" he asked as he felt his prick bursting out of his skin. 

She unwrapped her legs and brought him down to the bed without removing her arms from around him. It seemed like she did not want to let him go. They lay sideways facing each other, and she scooted closer as she felt his raging <em>radish</em> against her stomach. 

They looked into each other's eyes, feeling their hot breaths against their mouths. Their heartbeats rose once again that night, but for a very different reason. One that Priscilla did not entirely understand. 

"Why would a radish feel good inside your vagina?" she asked him, softly. 

Blaze lost it. He pushed against her shoulder and turned her on her back as he climbed over her and straddled her hips. "Priscilla, I can let you experience something that will help you at least partly forget tonight's incident. It may hurt at first, but I promise it will feel good. Would you like to try my radish? You still can't look at it," he whispered, their faces only a couple of inches away from each other. His radish was pressed over her groin and her breasts were pillows of skin against his chest. 

Priscilla began breathing through her lips as she considered it. She did not know what to say or what she was getting into. 

Her breath hit his nostrils and he smelled pineapple -- a fruit that he did not particularly like, but knew that some people loved. He watched her full, cherry lips slightly open as she breathed, and he simply couldn't resist. 

"I am going to kiss you," he breathed into her lips as the distance between their mouths narrowed. 

"Huh?... Like you did with marquess Astrid?" 

Blaze raised his head in surprise and looked into her blue, almond eyes with thick, long lashes. "How do you know about that?" 

"I heard it from a friend who was at the party..." she replied. "Okay," she said after a moment, averting her eyes. 

Priscilla lying under him and looking so demure made him go nuts. He dived for her lips. He took them between his and plucked at them as he smooched her a couple of times, before bringing his tongue out to flit across their surface, tasting her. 

"Use your tongue," he told her, as he sent his tongue into her mouth. Their tips touched and he tasted her sweet yet sharp taste. Slightly turning his head to the side, he sunk his tongue in deeper as he revolved it around hers. He pushed his hips into her, pressing and grinding his prick against her nub. 

Priscilla head arched and her tongue stood stiff as it pushed further into his mouth. Blaze sucked on it for a moment, before he ran his wet lips and tongue down her cheek and extended neck. He kissed and licked the hollow of her neck, before running his tongue down her sternum as he held her breasts in his hands. 

He felt them up for a good few moments before he took his mouth to them. Taking her tiny nipple between his lips, he lightly pinched the other between his fingers. 

"Mmgh," Priscilla moaned as her body convulsed. Her left arm stretched over the bed as her right and ran through her own hair, while she bit her lips. Blaze felt a little wetness seep out of her cunt and warm his skin. 

"I feel so weird yet good," she moaned, and he glanced up into her glazed eyes, even as he held her breast in his mouth. "There is a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach, like something is about to burst." 

Blaze knew it was time. He rose up and wrapped his arms under her shoulders. He held her head and kissed her, before looking into her eyes, his body fully pasted against hers. "I am going to put the radish in your vagina. It may hurt at first, but I promise it will feel good," he told her. 

"Okay," she breathed out again, without any doubt. 

Blaze raised his hips and reached for his dick as he held her gaze, making sure she didn't look. 

He brushed his tip against her wetness. Her lips were hot and drenched. Parting her lips with his head, he lined it against her hole before slowly pushing it in. 

Priscilla's eyes widened like saucers as her lips parted under his pressure. Her whole body arched and she let out a tiny whimper of both pleasure and pain. 

Once the tip was in, he put his hands under her shoulder and held her cheeks with his warm wide hands. She looked at him with doey, confused eyes, and he kissed her as he slowly lowered himself into her tight hot depths. 

As their groins kissed, her previously unexplored muscles clamped around him in a soft grip, squeezing him with ravenous hunger. Blaze held her gaze as he pulled out in an excruciatingly slow manner. Priscilla watched him with wide eyes as she felt the fullness retreat. 

Blaze paused for a moment before pushing it in again with a little more speed than before. He watched as her back arched, bent like rubber, and her bony hips jutted against his stomach. Her eyes almost bulged out of her sockets. "Aaaaah!" she cried, as he speared her completely. 

"Oh God! You're so damned tight!" he whispered. 

"What <em>is this?</em>" she let out a heavy breath. 

"The reason for the radish," he replied, pulling out and pumping her again. "Freak! Are all Malakim so tight or is it just you," he said, trying to make a joke at her personality. 

Priscilla's brain was too muddled to mull over his statement as another wave of pleasure washed over her body, making her shudder beneath him. "I d-don't know," she whimpered, and the naivety in her voice almost made him cum. 

He held her head in place and slowly began to increase his tempo to the ever-increasing cadence of her heavy breathy moans. Her eyes slowly rolled up into her sockets and her lips stayed open, with her pink tongue standing stiff. 

Blaze wished he could have it run along his member and wished to bury himself in her mouth. But, he couldn't get a blowjob without her seeing his radish. <em>Or can I? Blindfold? Another time, maybe.</em> 

Priscilla soon began bouncing her butt over her mattress to meet his thrusts in midair. The heavy wooden bed creaked under them as they slammed into each other, with no concern for waking Priscilla's neighbors. 

Finally, Priscilla came with a full-bodied orgasm, shuddering and drenching him with fluids. She wrapped her arms around Blaze's back and held him. He did not pause and continued to ram his dick into her, until he shot thick streams of liquid energy into the depths of her vagina. 

"The radish is a part of your body isn't it?" Priscilla asked, as he lay heaving over her body, with his lips breathing against the cranny of her neck. 

That's when he woke up. 

Golden rays of early morning sun were streaming through the window as Blaze found himself in Elyssa's bed, with her arm draped over him. A sliver of fear ran through his mind, before he realized that both of them were fully clothed. However, he felt the wetness in his shorts, and he remembered his dream with absolute clarity. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 10|
--------------------------------------------
He slowly pried Ely's hand away from him, trying his best to not wake her up. Getting out of the bed, he quickly changed his shorts and headed back to his dorm. 

When Elyssa woke up an hour later, she found Blaze missing and a short note by her bedside. He wrote that he wanted to make sure his matron wasn't worried over his absence the previous night. 

oOo 

At training that morning, Blaze confronted CG even though he did not think that she had anything to do with the incident. 

"Are you telling me that there is a real ghost at the baoli? And both you and that girl saw it," she whispered. She did not entirely believe him at first, but slowly caught on to the seriousness in his voice. 

They glanced at Priscilla, and found her looking at them from a distance. Blaze had no idea of how to approach or respond to her anymore, and it seemed like she didn't either. They may have had a moment together, but she was still a Malakim and he was still a Goddess-damned pixie lover. Thankfully, she did not seem angry at him for leaving her alone the previous night. 

"I don't know <em>what</em> we saw. I was really hoping that it was you or Ely." 

"Are we going to inform someone?" CG asked, after a moment. 

"No. I don't think Fiora or any of the teachers would believe me at this point. And, I don't want to make a fool out of myself. I'd rather just let it go. Just tell your people to not head out to the stepwell at night," Blaze shook his head. Elyssa seemed to agree. 

"How about the three of us go and check it out tonight?" CG asked, suddenly excited. 

Blaze did not respond immediately, and Elyssa glanced at him. She remembered how frightened he had been. "I don't think that is a good idea, princess." 

"No. Let's do it!" Blaze suddenly spoke. "There will be three of us," he decided. His grandfather had always told him to stand up to his fears. <em>Courage isn't not feeling fear. It is facing the worst of them.</em> 

That night, the three angels sat at the pavilion where Priscilla had first spotted the ghost. However, even after spending three hours of swatting at the bugs, they didn't spot or hear anything, except for crickets, bats, and owls. 

"Seems like someone caught on to your act and decided to give you a taste of your own medicine, or the ghost is simply afraid of facing three of us," Fenguang said as they flew back to their dorms. 

Blaze couldn't decide if he felt relieved or disappointed, but as he and Elyssa flew back to their rooms, he recalled that he had no memory of hearing any bugs or birds the previous night. 

oOo 

Though the mystery of the haunted baoli remained unsolved. The trio of angels held no more desire to go on another vigil. If it was a living angel who had pranked Blaze and Priscilla, it was likely that they weren't going to try their luck again. If it was a real ghost, then even CG wasn't too keen on meeting it. A friendly ghost was what she was interested to befriend. The description of the ghost that Blaze had given her made it seem like it was far from friendly. 

The two weeks of training went almost too quickly for Blaze. He spent most of the latter half sparring against the seniors, while the rest of his peers competed against each other for the final spot in the tournament. He had only one one fight against a senior and that too was through luck, but he was not disappointed. He had learned a lot the nuances of fighting against various people. Blaze's own improvement wasn't as drastic as it had been after training under Jie Er, but the experience of fighting against other students was worth his stay at Tir. He was sure that once Jie Er was done through him again, he would begin winning the matches against the seniors. 

CG hung out with him and Elyssa whenever she got the chance, and they slowly began to enjoy her company. Despite being a princess, the only thing she was arrogant about was her skill in martial arts, and even then, she showed humility when warranted. However, she did possess a nobility due to her upbringing â€” a poise that naturally and constantly oozed out of her, except in those little moments she let go of her laughter over Blaze's hijinks. 

So, when it was time for CG to leave, Blaze couldn't help but feel sad. Everyone, including Fiora and Alice, came to see her off on the morning of Joeidie (Sunday). 

She profusely thanked the headmistress and the teachers for their hospitality, before walking up to Blaze and Elyssa. 

"See you at the tournament, CG. Prepare well. Don't give Ely an easy time," he said to her, without masking his emotions. He had grown to see her as a friend. 

"I won't," she told him resolutely, before suddenly stepping in and wrapping him in a hug, surprising everyone around. The Xian were not known to be big huggers. Even her handmaiden couldn't recall the last time she had seen the princess hug anyone besides her mother or the Empress. 

Blaze hugged her back warmly, until she released him. "See you soon, Fenghuang. I am taking your ghost blanky as a souvenir." 

"You should try scaring the Empress with it," Blaze laughed. 

"I shall try, but I doubt grandmother will fall for it. I will let her know it was a gift from you, I am sure she will <em>treasure</em> it," she laughed back, before giving him and Elyssa a short bow. 

They gave her an ama in return and the princess waved at the students, before turning around and walking to her royal carriage drawn by three Pegasi. 

Soon, the Xian were heading back to their homeland. 

"I never expected her to be so friendly," Elyssa confessed, as she watched the carriages disappear in the sky. 

"Neither did I." 

oOo 

His classmates returned to campus that evening and Siofra dropped by his room after dinner. 

"How was the training?" he asked her, as he led her to his chairs. 

"I had nothing to complain about besides my mother's presence," she replied, with a little smile. 

"Cool, ready for another match then?" 

"Sure, but it won't add to our win count. We shall not count again until I get to train with Aunty Jie Er," she grinned. 

"So, you'll be coming?" he said, happily. 

"Yep! My trainer has gone back home. She said she has taught me everything I need for the tournament." 

"Perfect!" 

"I also have something for you," she said, bringing out a long thin navy-blue case similar, to a pool cue case from earth. "It is from Princess Aleaya Glitterdust." 

Brimming with curiosity, Blaze took the case and gently unlatched its silver latch. As he slowly lifted the lid, it revealed a two-foot long platinum colored needle. It was long, sharp, and crystalline, and dazzled under the light of his room. The handle was shaped after a needle head, but had an additional rapier guard around it. 

"Wow! A Txiki needle?" he asked, in amazement. 

"Yes, it is modeled after it. Made of a stannium alloy that is almost unbreakable. The princess seemed to have heard about your costume," Siofra answered, lovingly gazing at the weapon and feeling a little envious of Blaze. "I was told to give you the message that you can have it, even if you do not plan on using it. Personally, I would have no issue if you never use it. It's a work of art!" 

Blaze noticed Siofra's deep desire for the tool. "You have it," he said, pushing the case towards her. "It fits your style more than mine. I would also love to see you fly around with a Txiki needle. You'd be a very dangerous little wasp," he laughed. 

A hint of desire sprouted in the pixie's eyes, but she shook her head. "No. I want my own and I want to earn it," she said, putting an end to that conversation. 

However, she did not refuse testing the weapon out with him. It was light, sturdy, and perfectly made for poking holes though armor. Blaze decided that it could actually be a good weapon of choice versus Nikolett. 

*** 

The results of their second quarter's finals came out the next day, and contrary to his expectations, Blaze placed second in his year, even though he placed first in his class. 

"Who's the punk who is taking my rank!" he asked an equally angry Aahna. The two of them had tied for second place and for first in their class. 

"Kaya Ammal. She is the daughter of a Physicist who is also a high ranking Chayot. She only scored three points over me last time! Why is she still three more points ahead of me when I have studied more this time?" she complained. 

"You know an awful lot about this girl..." he commented. 

"Of course. I can't let anyone else take my top spot." 

oOoOo 

<strong>Author's Note</strong>: I love playing Baseball, so I apologize for dumping the sports scenes on you guys. I hope those who share my love for sport will like them. 

<strong>In the next episode of 'When Angels Cum':</strong> Two more quarters quickly fly by. Flight Song festival. Blaze and Siofra get trained by Jie Er. Siofra gets into trouble with her mom. Astrid visits Blaze at Tir. Flyball finals. End of school year. Blaze and Co. set off to D'warka for the tournament. 

Chapter 19 will be the tournament. 

Don't hate me for another dream sequence. It was the only way I could include the scene with Priscilla. 

<strong>Q &amp; A</strong> 

Q. Is there a real ghost? 

A. Unsolved mysteries of Tir academy? 

Q. Is Blaze a little feminine at times? 

A. He is child-like. He is the type of guy who may find skipping and singing, <em>I am bad guy. Might seduce your mom type,</em> while getting into a fist fight with someone for calling him girly. In psychology terms - he has a Peter Pan complex. But he is not totally immature. He is kinda free-spirited and embraces his inner child. 

At least that's how I intended him to be. You may interpret him however you like. 

Q. I thought his training would make him more mature? 

A. Blaze will be Blaze. Haha. Though I think the training has ensured that he didn't do anything stupid with Prissy, though I am sure some of you wish otherwise. 

Q. So, how does a dragon play computer games with claws? 

A. I don't use my claws for gaming. My whiskers are mobile and are as wide as fingers. 

Q. So, they are essentially like tentacles? Hmm. 

A. Eww, no. Get your minds of the gutter. 

<strong>Response to Comments:</strong> 

Thanks to everyone that thought the last chapter was amazing. As 

<strong>MasterPD:</strong> Thank you, Patrick. I had the rocky movie song playing while I was writing it :P. Azalea will be present at the tournament (not as a contender). She has an important role to play before the end of this arc. The mystery girl will make another appearance in the next chapter, maybe. And she will meet Blaze during the tournament. Astrid coming up next chapter. I have the most fun writing her sex scenes ðŸ˜Š. 

<strong>Finbar:</strong> Ooh! I have a fan! I am squealing with glee at your words. **Ahem. Dragon don't squeal** 

8 months. Yeah. I can't believe how long it has been in the story and irl as well. Hope I did justice to the gauntlets in this chapter. But you have to wait until the tournament and the aftermath to see them truly being used. 

I think the last chapter was my best so far as well, at least as a writer :P. Thanks for feeling the same way. I mention the song verses at the start of this chapter. Dw about not being able to find them. They aren't exactly pop music and I don't expect everyone to have heard them. 

Can Blaze tame any creature? Or is it all an illusion? 

<strong>Lothran1252:</strong> I do love the visual of a huge shield and a hammer, but I don't see Blaze as a tank. More of a brawler/berserker. But, maybe we can have someone like that along the way. And yes, he is very protective of his friends. It will the theme that will highlight the ending of this arc. 

<strong>ReaderReaderfic:</strong> A part of your wish in your comment will come true my friend. We both share the love of Ark and mounts ðŸ˜Š. But you might have to wait until the next arc of the story. 

And yeah, neither the demons nor the angels will be able to handle Blaze's heat. Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â° 

And if you were blown away by the last chapter, just wait till the finale of this arc. I promise it will the best yet. 

<strong>DrasticXplorer:</strong> Good job praising your own editing, Ser PervertedXplorer ðŸ˜. But seriously, thank you for all your work. Your perverted additions to my chapter are priceless. 

<strong>Wankr65:</strong> I really felt the chapter while writing it -- that's why I think I was able to convey the emotions, I believe. And that little "I've done it!" was as much to break myself and the reader out of the zone as it was meant to be funny. Haha. I am not at all sorry for fooling you for a few seconds :P 

Well, I won't be hitting that many sex scenes in the coming chapters. I hope I won't disappoint you with the climax though. Hahaha. 

<strong>Anons:</strong> Thanks for commenting. I am also back! 

<strong>Jpz007Ahren:</strong> I was thinking of calling him Gnarls Barkly before I decided that a random mundane name would be more hilarious. The other name in contention was Bear Khan. Haha. 

I am glad you think he doesn't need a special move to blow his opponent away. I am not a big fan of kamehamehas that come out of nowhere. 

'Exploiting the themes it was supposed to be supporting' -- It's a trap that writers are prone to falling into while trying to make the story more exciting. I don't blame them, and I hope it doesn't happen to me â˜¹. However, now, you've just made me more curious about that story :| 

'Lo and behold the pussy ring makes an appearance in this chapter haha. You don't miss a thing, do ya? I am still thinking of ways to give it more screen time. Have any thoughts on it? 

Yep. They are indeed called Nirn. Mami Wata simply encase their legs within world energy. I hope the Djinn aren't too much of a stretch of imagination. I really wanted to include them, as they are an essential part of middle eastern mythos, and I want to cover as many cultures as possible. Of course, there is a reason for that as well. 

Gauntlets -- I plan to make them an essential part of Blaze's arsenal. <em>Just for you</em> - If Elyssa is a warrior, Nikolett Lovag is a knight, and Siofra is a scout/ranger -- Blaze is the brawler can bring out the unpredictability that is required in any team. All we need now is a glass cannon i.e a raw damage dealer -- maybe it will be Blaze. OR Wouldn't you say it'd be interesting if it is a demon? A malakim knight protecting a demon while Blaze and Elyssa mow through the enemies at the frontlines. That is a scene that I am itching to write. It may a be long long way away, though. Like really long. 

'Reservoir of Will' <em>--</em> Blaze will be building that throughout the series. 

Blazing Fury -- Oh god, I hope it won't have any similarities to DBZ. Don't get me wrong, I love that show. 

Just who is the Kindred? You just have to wait and see. You may or may not like her, but she will be interesting, nonetheless. Oops, did I say too much? 

You always have something to say, Ahren (in a good way). I am always looking forward to reading your next comment. 

I hope this chapter was able to convey the progress in his character, even though he will always retain his cheeky nature.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 18.1|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
The previous chapter hit top 5 in the all-time Hall of Fame (at least for a little while)!! I am pretty stoked. 

<strong>Author's Note:</strong> I apologize for the delay. I will be posting this chapter in <strong>2 parts</strong>. However, this part is as long as any other chapter. The next one should be out within a week if my editors can get to it this weekend. Chapter 19 will be the grand finale of the angel arc. (It maybe one long chapter or two shorter ones). I am trying to get it out by mid-October. 

<strong>Obligatory Warning:</strong> Only one sex scene in this part. The next part will have a scene with the much-awaited Astrid. 

<strong>Editors:</strong> Chris Anow, DrasticXplorer aka Ser PervertedXplorer, and Barak Giles. Drastic has also made significant contributions to the sex scene. 

<strong>Special Thanks to:</strong> <em>Fips, Yamibomb,</em> <em>BLiz, Eliyahu Bogart, Mike Siegmund, Max Lambon, RogueXVII,</em> <em>Matt Miller,</em> <em>Curtis, Bradley, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal, Will Shaddox</em> for supporting my work thus far. 

<strong>Character Descriptions</strong> (Relevant to this chapter) 

<strong><em>Seshat Amun</em></strong><strong>:</strong> The exotic looking History teacher at Tir. She is a brilliant teacher and makes learning fun and enthralling. She has a sweet crystalline voice that adds to the charm of her lessons. 

She is an exorbitantly curvy angel with honey colored skin and sleek midnight black hair that's parted in the middle and flows down her narrow waist to her wide hips. She has dark green eyes with long heavy lashes, adorned by pitch black mascara. She has a perfect Greek nose and plump, auburn, bow-shaped lips. 

She usually wears skimpy exotic clothing adorned by jewelry. She has buxom pear-shaped breasts that usually hang freely under her tops. She has wide hips, a callipygian butt, thin arms and lustful legs. 

She is 6'8 and is around Jie Er's age. 

<strong><em>Circadia Clime:</em></strong> She is a lanky brunette, introduced in chapter 12. She teaches Geography and looks a little older than Seshat. She wears a pair of thin-rimmed glasses and a comfortable ponytail that hangs high on her head. 

Though Circadia is very serious about her subject, she is one of the most boring teachers at Tir, whose droning voice manages to make even the most serious of students fall asleep in her class. Only Aahna seems unaffected by her charm. 

She seems to have taken a special interest in making Blaze learn her subject, much to his chagrin. 

<strong><em>Lynn:</em></strong> The mystery girl that Blaze keeps bumping into. Jie Er thinks she could be his Kindred, but Blaze is a bit apprehensive about it. Nonetheless, he is quite infatuated with her. He has yet to see her entire face. 

<strong>Lore:</strong> 

<strong>Liliana and Bhramar:</strong> A long time ago, the southern lands of Aranya and northern Lanoan were occupied by the Yakshas. Though the Yakshas are now considered to be demons, there was a time when their wings were neither light nor dark. 

Bhramar was a young princess of a small neutral nation of Yakshas called Amalfi, bordering the larger Yaksha queendom of Megha and angel queendom of Noli that were at war with each other. The angel Queendom of Noli was a nation of Malakim, and Liliana was its first princess. 

The story goes that a group of the Grey Ones of Noli plotted and invaded the neutral country of Amalfi. They then massacred the entire royal family and all the dark-winged Yakshas of the country. 

Bhramar, a light winged Yaksha, was the only survivor in her family, and managed to escape by disguising herself as a servant. However, she couldn't escape the sorrow and hatred in her heart. She vowed vengeance against the Grey Ones and the royal family of Noli. 

Disguised as a servant, she traveled across Noli, assassinating the angels that were responsible for the genocide in her country. As a result, her wings slowly began to change color. 

One day, while she was resting at a remote village, she happened upon a young noble of Noli. Spurred by her despise for the Noli nobility, she stalked the young noble for a few days, hoping to find a good enough excuse to take her life. 

However, she only saw compassion, generosity, and humility in the young noble, who treated the villagers no differently than she treated herself. Though the young noble stayed in the village for only a few days, she managed to gain their goodwill, merely through her actions and not her status. 

The young noble soon set off from the village and her entourage was ambushed by a group of survivors-turned-bandits from Amalfi. Bhramar could not stop herself from intervening. 

Bhramar was an extraordinary swordsman, whose assassinations had earned her the title of Angelslayer. However, she refused to kill her country folk, and fought a long and grueling battle until both sides were too exhausted to continue. 

The noble in disguise was Liliana, the Princess of Noli, and had ventured out to experience the world. She carried the severely wounded Bhramar and managed to escape along with her remaining guards. They took the wounded Yaksha to a nearby town where Liliana took care of her wounds and nursed her back to health despite the knowledge that the mysterious angel possessed tainted wings. 

With each passing day, the Yaksha and the angel began to fall in love with each other. Liliana, however, was bound by her duty to her Kingdom and could not leave it all behind to live a simple, peaceful life with her new lover. 

Once Bhramar was fully healed and able to travel, Liliana decided that it was time for her to head back. Bhramar offered to escort her in the hope of spending more time with her. Once they reached the capital, Liliana invited Bhramar to a party at the palace. She had not yet revealed her true identity as the Princess of Noli as she wanted it to be a surprise. 

Bhramar went to the party with her mind torn between love and vengeance. However, when she saw the Queen of Noli happily conversing without a care in the world, the lust for vengeance filled her with rage. Without thinking, she lunged at the Queen. Her sword struck true and cut down the Queen where she stood. 

Time stood still for Liliana as she saw the threads of her life unravel before her eyes. One moment, everyone was talking and drinking and the next moment she saw the Royal Guards hurl their spears towards Bhramar, who had put the cold steel of her sword through her mother. 

But before the flying spears could find their mark, Liliana threw herself in their path and was in the arms of her beloved Bhramar, with the spearheads impaled through her bosom. 

Grief-stricken, Bhramar stayed unmoving as the swords of the Grey Ones descended down upon her. She held the princess's head in her hands and passed away with her lips on Liliana's forehead. 

*** 

<em>One should not forget the difference between</em> <strong><em>moral realism</em></strong> <em>and</em> <strong><em>moral relativism</em></strong>. <em>Relativists are weak-minded while realists are weak-willed. The Malakim are neither. We strive to</em> <strong><em>our</em></strong> <em>make moral truths real --</em> Gabriel Sephirah, Cardinal Superior of the Malakim 

Chapter 18 

"Ms. Blaze!" the voice of his geography teacher, Circadia Clime, startled Blaze out of a nice dream starring himself and seven pretty pixies. Of course, none of them looked even remotely close to Siofra. 

"Since you have decided to sleep through the last couple of my lectures, Ms. Blaze, I suppose you know all about the Nritti Edicts?" she asked him, displeasure clearly evident in her eyes. 

Once the third quarter arrived, Blaze had finally chosen to give up on his initial plan of switching over to a higher class. He had grown fond of his classmates. <em>A Big Bro can't leave his lil' sisters by themselves,</em> he told himself. 

"The proclamations written on the Nritti Pillars?" he asked with a raised brow. Rachel was still asleep on his shoulder, and he felt wronged that he was the one who picked the teacher's ire when half the class was either asleep, daydreaming, or doodling in their books. 

The Nritti pillars were pillars of stone erected by the Empress Nritti of the past. Her empire spanned most of Aranya and some parts of the surrounding countries, and her pillars were erected at important locations throughout her lands. They displayed her decrees and came to be known as Nritti Edicts. 

"Care to tell me exactly what these edicts state?" Circadia questioned. 

"Er... There are seven of them and uhh ... they are quite long...?" 

"Do you know the source of these edicts?" she continued, giving him no break. 

"No...," he said, feeling a little flustered. 

"Then I suggest you listen to my lectures instead of taking naps, Ms. Blaze. I noticed that your lowest score last quarter was in my subject." 

<em>Everyone has their lowest scores in your subject!</em> Blaze protested in his mind, glancing at Aahna who was looking back at him with a smug grin on her face. She was the only one who paid any attention in Circadia's class, and she seemed to be enjoying his predicament. 

"The Nritti Edicts gain their name," Circadia abruptly began, continuing her lecture, "not because Empress Nritti built them, but because she was the one who found them and made them popular. They present a way of life that is based on moral precepts, of doing good deeds, respect for others, generosity and purity. 

"There are currently 9 pillars that are still remain in pristine condition. The first one contains..." she droned, and Blaze tried to pay attention despite his eyelids growing heavier with each passing moment. The light snores of Rachel, who was happily snuggled against his shoulder, did not help. 

Thankfully, the bell indicating the end of the lecture soon rang to put him out of his misery. 

"Ms. Blaze, I expect an essay on how the Nritti Edicts affected the population geography of Aranya. I want it on my desk by Matadie (Monday) morning." 

<em>That's history, you damn geography teacher!</em> 

"Just me?" he asked. 

"Just you, and anyone else interested," she smiled at him and walked out. 

*** 

That Hadie (Saturday) morning, Blaze decided to visit Seshat at her cottage. Class 1A was playing one of their Flyball matches, but since Aahna didn't want to use him the game, Blaze decided to skip it altogether. 

"Ms. Blaze!" Seshat exclaimed in surprise when she opened her door. "I thought you were someone else." 

It had been a while since his last visit to her cottage. Seshat had left the campus over the break and he hadn't visited her in a few weeks. 

"Are you expecting someone? I can come back later," he said, curiously eyeing the white face paint that she was currently sporting. It wasn't there when he had seen her in class the previous day. Stripes of white lines were tastefully drawn on her forehead, under her eyes, over her nose, and chin. The fact that she was only wearing her bra and panties was also not lost on him. 

"No, it's alright. Come in, please," she said, opening her door and stepping aside. "I am not expecting Circadia for another hour. I just presumed she decided to come early." 

Blaze grinned at the teacher as he stepped inside. A lot could happen in an hour. "Min Circadia Clime?" 

"Yes. We are really good friends," she said, leading him into her living room. "Have a seat. I will make some tea." 

<em>How can the best teacher and the worst teacher be best friends?</em> Blaze couldn't help but wonder. 

As Seshat walked into her kitchen, Blaze noticed an open book on the tea table. A hand-mirror, a container of white paint, and two brushes lay beside the book. Both pages of the book depicted drawings of nude angels covered with two different types of body paint. 

Blaze picked up the container and sniffed it. It had an herby smell. 

"What's up with the paint, teach?" he asked, while she set the kettle on the stovetop and threw in some leaves. 

"Just an ancestral ritual," she replied. "Circy was going to help me finish the tattoo before we head out. You can join us if you like." 

Blaze picked up the book and was instantly drawn to the title. 'Maternity tattoos for health and luck.' He had noticed that Seshat had put on a little weight over the last couple of months. 

<em>Fuck! Have I knocked her up?</em> 

"Teach?" he asked hesitantly, trying to calm his mind. "This says maternity tattoo..." 

Seshat poured the tea into two cups and returned with a glorious smile on her face. "Yes. I've been expecting for the past year. My stiff wing should sprout any day now," she said, handing him a cup. 

Relief flooded him as he realized how stupid his thoughts had been<em>. She would have no idea if she was pregnant.</em> 

"Congrats teach! I am sure you will be an amazing mother. The brat's lucky," he told her wholeheartedly. Seshat was a very patient and caring angel. 

"Thank you, Blaze. She will only be a couple of decades younger than you. I hope you will treat her well." 

"Of course, teach," he said, and fell silent. 

Feeling slightly awkward, he began to sip at his tea. He saw himself as an adult, most of the time, but nonetheless, he felt like a child when faced with adult angels that were more than a hundred years older than him. The way they treated him at times did not help. 

Seshat smiled at him and quietly finished her tea before speaking. "Blaze, do you want to paint me?" 

"Can I?" Blaze asked, perking up in his seat. 

"Yes." 

"They look quite intricate. Do I have to be exact?" 

"It's just a tradition. I am not superstitious about these things but do try to make it look approximately like the one on the left." 

"Alright!" he said, picking up the paint brushes and getting up. 

Seshat couldn't help but giggle at his enthusiasm. 

The duo spread out some bedsheets beside the couch before Seshat removed the rest of her clothing. "You should remove yours as well. The paint is hard to remove from clothes." 

Blaze had no reservations in getting naked and was already halfway done before she could complete her sentence. Taking the book and the brushes, he sat down in front of Seshat who was sitting on her knees with her back upright, her posture accentuating her already exaggerated curves. 

"The left one is the tattoo of health," she told him, as he studied the figures. 

Taking the flat brush, Blaze dipped it in the paint, before leaning forward and drawing a crescent on her chest with one smooth stroke, from one end of her collarbone to the other. He then placed the brush against the hollow of her neck and turned it around to form a circle. 

Leaning back, he marveled at the work of art in front of him. 

"Very good, Blaze. You're a natural," she praised him, looking at herself in the hand mirror. 

Blaze eyes roamed down to the two large things hanging off her chest. He placed his brush aside and cupped his hand under her left breast, feeling its weight. 

"What are you doing?" Seshat grinned at him. 

"I think I need to apply some primer before I can work on this," he replied seriously before diving for her nipple. 

Wrapping his lips around her large areola, he began to suck on her tit as he circled his tongue around her hardening nipple. 

"You are a naughty angel, Ms. Blaze," Seshat giggled as she placed her hand over his head. 

"No, no. You are gravely mistaken about my intentions. I just take my work very seriously," he quipped. 

Seshat's bud began to swell under his ministration. When it grew to the size of a large bean, he pulled back and wrapped his hand around her breast, tried to anyway, propping up the areola. 

Taking the smaller round brush, he carefully turned her nipple white. Then he drew a circle around the outer circumference of her areola. 

He leaned in and blew on the paint, which caused a tiny moan to escape from her lips. 

"Tell me the truth, teach. You wanted Circadia to do the same, didn't you?" he leered at her. 

"Yes," Seshat replied, surprising him. He had only meant to tease her. 

He quickly primed her other breast and painted it before picking up the flat brush. Placing it on the top right of her right breast, he drew along its curve before dipping down between her breasts. Taking a U-turn right above her abdomen, he finished the stroke at the top right of the left breast. 

Then he pushed her down. 

Seshat lay supine on the bedsheet as Blaze mounted her thick, soft thighs. He leaned down and dragged his tongue all over her long stomach, making sure to cover the whole area. He worked his tongue on her navel, digging in with his tongue. Then he drew four flat lines on her abdomen with the flat brush. 

Around the four lines went serpentine vines with thinner prickly strokes emerging from the sides. Tiny leaves and individual spots were scattered across the rest of the empty space. Finally, two vines sprouted from the bones of her hips and traveled up her sides to merge with the strokes over her breasts. 

As he finished, Blaze felt Seshat's legs move underneath him. He shuffled down between her legs and Seshat spread her thighs, revealing her slit glazed in her arousal. 

"Prime Time!" he exclaimed, before diving down. 

He lapped at her organ and worked his magic until she came in a screaming mess. 

Blaze watched the shuddering Seshat and noticed that she was trying her best to not mess up the still-drying paint. Suddenly, he felt a bit unsure. The purpose of the tattoo and his actions felt incongruent. 

"You can put it in," he heard Seshat's comforting voice, as if she realized his hesitance. Lying still on her back, she beckoned him forward with her hands. 

He couldn't wait any longer. Spreading his thighs against hers, he lined his dick with her cunt and penetrated her in one smooth motion. 

"Mmmh!" she cried out, as their groins kissed. 

Slowly, he began to pump her back and forth. Since he had already made her cum, he focused only on his need, while trying not to smudge the paint. Seshat lay unmoving and only watched him surge in and out of her, indicating her pleasure only with her voice. 

Finally, with a strong shove, he planted his essence into her empty womb. 

He pulled out and immediately picked the round brush to paint her nub. He flicked it and brushed it until it was completely whitewashed. Then, he drew a small inverted crescent over it. 

Seshat sat on her feet and let his essence out while they let her nub dry. 

"Can you sit on all fours, teach?" he asked, and she complied without a word. 

Her back arched down as she slightly spread her knees and jutted her ass up. She knew what he wanted to do. She removed a bottle of perfumed oil from her space ring and handed it to him. 

"It seems you were almost expecting this to happen!" he mused. 

After he'd liberally coated his cock, his greedy paws immediately fell on her plump butt cheeks and his fingers ravished them to his fill. He spread her cheeks apart and watched her puckered hole winking under his gaze. 

He kissed her hole and circled his tongue over the folds of her anus before plunging in. He dug his saliva into her depths and lubed her up with his oil-slick fingers. 

Standing on his knees, he grabbed her hips and pulled her ass down to his level. 

"Slowly," she told him, as she felt his tip against her back entrance. Angels rejuvenated faster, so her abstinence over the past few weeks had made her hole as tight as it was before she had met Blaze. 

He took hold of his member and slowly pushed his bulbous head past the Ring of Resistance, meeting the familiar and welcoming pressure of Seshat's ass. Inch by inch, he slowly fed his length into her rectum, marveling in the way it felt so hot and tight around his cock. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
As soon as he felt his balls touch the running wetness of her pussy, Blaze held himself in there, fighting against the urge to start ploughing in and out of her ass. He looked down to admire the view and reminded himself that Seshat's inner walls needed a few moments to adjust to his intrusion. His hands massaged and kneaded the soft curves of her heart-shaped ass which was now connected to Blaze in the most intimate way possible. Since his arrival in this world, Blaze had seen several naked butts in the current position, but Seshat single-handedly provided him with one of the best views thus far. 

And admire the view he did. 

After he'd finished with his handy explorations, he slowly pulled out of her until only his tip remained in her, enjoying the way her ring squeezed his cockhead. All this while, he could hear and smell Seshat's arousal and knew that she was ready for him. 

Blaze moved his hands to her side so that he was holding on to her just above the widest curve of her hips. In one smooth motion, he pushed himself completely inside her while pulling her onto his cock with his hands. 

"Aaah!" she screamed. 

He knew that he wasn't hurting her as his cock was profusely covered in oil. 

Soon, he was pushing and pulling his History teacher on and off his cock while he thumped into her, their bodies making loud smacking sounds as they collided with each other. 

Blaze had set a good speed for their fucking while he reveled in the pleasure of her ass around his length. Seshat was rocking back and forth on her hands with each thrust, taking care not to disturb the paint on her body. She was going crazy with arousal from the pounding that Blaze was thrusting upon her. 

The physical and visual stimulations were too much for Blaze He draped himself across his teacher's back and let go deep inside her bowels with a groan. He kept spewing inside her as Seshat felt a mini-orgasm ride through her at the sensation of getting filled by Blaze in both her nether holes consecutively. 

He was aware of the heady scent of her voluminous black hair when he finally stopped filling her insides with his seed. 

Once done, he slowly pulled out and raised her butt. He then spread her ass cheeks and painted a circle over the well-fucked opening of her ass. It was already back to its original state of tightness which kept his semen from running out of her. He blew against it until the paint dried, before drawing a line to connect her hole with her vagina. Then he painted the lips of her slit. 

Seshat came to herself as he finished painting her groin. 

Gingerly, she once again moved to sit on her knees, but facing away from Blaze. He brushed her hair to her front and took in her beautiful back and neck. He kissed her nape before biting her shoulders on both sides. Not hard enough to draw blood, but hard enough to mark her with his teeth and two hickeys. It was his addition to the tattoo. 

He then took the brush and drew a wide line along her spine, until it reached her tail bone. With the round brush, he placed symmetric dots on either side of the line. Then he added two long spirals around her scapula. 

After he drew on her back, Seshat stood up and he drew two more symmetric spirals on either of her butt cheeks. Her legs and thighs were covered with vines and leaves all the way down to her feet. The feet themselves were left bare. 

Just as Blaze finished the tattoo, they heard a knock on the door. 

"Come in," Seshat said abruptly, and Blaze scampered for his clothes. 

"Don't worry. She knows," Seshat assured him as Circadia Clime stepped in. 

Circadia's eyes widened as she spotted two naked angels, one bare and one tattooed, one male and one female. 

"So, that's the thing I've been hearing about, Ms. Blaze," she said coolly, her eyes on his organ. 

"Min Circy?" Blaze asked with a flourish of his brush. "Would you like me to paint you in a tattoo too?" 

"Can you do it within half an hour? I promised another student of mine that Seshat and I will meet her at nine." 

Blaze was struck speechless. Based on Seshat's words, he was pretty sure Circadia knew what he was planning. He always got the feeling that Circadia was not as clueless as she put on. However, he could only leave it to her to make tattoos and sex sound as tepid as her lectures. 

But before he could initiate anything, they heard a loud, guttural groan from Seshat. 

The brown skinned angel was once again on all fours and her face was scrunched in pain. Her back arched up and a beautiful sunny glow erupted from her entire body, lighting up the room. 

"Teach!" Blaze cried and knelt beside her. 

"She's sprouting," Circadia told him calmly, walking over to them. 

Blaze nodded, as if agreeing with her and understanding what was happening, he watched as a tiny quill pierced out of the skin at the end of her tail bone, drawing blood. Blaze hurriedly picked up a cloth and began to wipe the blood off her skin while the quill kept growing longer. It grew six inches before beautiful shimmering barbs began sprouting from its sides. 

Within a minute, her stiff feather was completely formed. It was beautiful - much more so than any other individual feather he had seen before. There was something inexplicably special and resplendent about it. It made him feel instinctively protective towards it, like how a person felt when watching a small child. 

Basking in Seshat's glow that had yet to recede, Blaze reached out and brushed the vane of her feather. It was velvety smooth and blue. The blue of her feather was not as cerulean as Sky's, and it had shimmering purple tips. Seshat's wings were a pale brown, but it seemed that her child would have blue and purple wings. 

From what Blaze knew about sprouting, over the course of eight to twelve years, the feather would keep growing longer and longer like a tail, until it was large enough to make an egg. The egg would take another year before a child hatched. The stiff wings were called stiff because they couldn't be dematerialized. However, they were as pliant as any other wing. 

Blaze glanced at Seshat and noticed that she had become visibly thinner in a matter of a few minutes. The feather continued to suck her energy until it grew to eight inches. The glow surrounding the angel suddenly receded and Seshat collapsed on the bedsheets. 

"It's a beautiful sprout by any standard, Seshat," Circadia commented, sitting down by her side and placing a gentle hand on her naked shoulder. Seshat gave her friend a feeble but joyful smile. 

"Do we need to do something?" Blaze asked Circadia. He felt restless and needed to do something. 

"Calm down, Ms. Blaze. The sprouting was quite normal. Seshat just needs rest and food. We've stocked up on food, so you don't have to worry about that. All she needs now is a couple of days of rest." 

"Okay." 

"Can you two help me to my bed and then get out? I want to be alone and fall asleep," Seshat muttered feebly. 

"As you wish, Seshat," Circadia replied, carefully picking her up in her arms and carrying her to her bedroom. 

She placed her on the bed and put her under covers, before leaving a few things to eat on her nightstand. 

"Is it safe to leave her alone?" Blaze asked Circadia. 

"I will be fine, dear Blaze," Seshat spoke, "You go enjoy your afternoon. Maybe you can accompany Circy in my stead. I just need some quiet for now." 

Blaze raised questioning brow at Circadia. She nodded and led him out of the cottage. 

"So, do you want to accompany me in Seshat's place, Ms. Blaze? There is another student waiting for us at the academic building." 

"What are you doing?" 

"We've unearthed an ancient site at Tir. We are going there to take a look at and copy some of the script." 

Blaze considered it for a moment. It sounded interesting and he didn't have any other plans for the afternoon, besides taking a nap. 

"Okay. Where are we going?" 

"You will know when we get there," Circadia replied, manifesting a pair of light pink wings. Blaze felt that the color did not match with her personality, but he kept his mouth shut and followed his teacher. 

She first led him to the academic building where they found a short, brown-skinned young angel waiting for them at the central plaza. 

She was a cute but nerdy looking angel, wearing a pair of large round-rimmed glasses. Her black hair was held up in a comfortable top bun. 

"Ms. Blaze, this is Ms. Kaya Ammal from class 1C. She has been showing a lot more interest in my classes than you have, so I had asked her to join Seshat and I," Circadia introduced them. "Min Seshat will not be able to join us," she informed Kaya. 

Blaze gave Kaya a polite nod. He knew her name. Rather, he had been constantly hearing it from Aahna. She had been going on and on about how she was <em>definitely</em> going to score more than her in the third quarter's finals. 

Circadia picked Kaya up and they started flying west. Blaze suddenly got a bad feeling. 

"Er... this secret chamber doesn't have anything to do with the Agrasen Palace, does it?" Blaze asked Circadia mid-air. 

"Yes. One of our staff members came upon a secret entrance at the Baoli behind the palace. The walls of one of the chambers inside is covered in ancient writing. There is also a miniature pillar with all the seven edicts of Nritti. We might finally have enough to completely decipher the script." 

Blaze gulped and followed his teacher. <em>At least we'll be exploring it during daytime. Ghosts don't attack during the day, right?</em> 

The three angels landed on the top steps of the Baoli. Under the midday sun, the Baoli felt quite serene, surrounded by trees and the sounds of chirping squirrels and birds. However, Blaze remembered the disquiet from that night, and he couldn't help the trepidation in his heart. Unconsciously, he stepped closer to Circadia and clutched her hand. 

"Is something wrong?" she asked, glancing down at his hand and then raising a brow at him. 

"Nothing. I just h-heard that this place was haunted," he replied demurely. 

"Who are you trying to fool, Ms. Blaze? I heard that you were the little ghost of the Agrasen palace," Circadia narrowed her eyes at him. 

"That doesn't mean there isn't a real ghost here," Blaze shook his head, without letting go of her hand. 

Circadia noticed a confused Kaya. "Don't be fooled Ms. Kaya, Ms. Blaze is a naughty little angel." 

<em>Heh. You haven't seen naughty. Yet.</em> 

"So, where is this chamber?" he diverted the topic. It seemed that all the teachers had become aware of his shenanigans, and he didn't want all the students to know about it as well. 

Circadia pulled out three scuba-mask-like breathing devices with small black cylinders attached to their back. "We need to dive to the bottom of the well to access the entrance. These masks will help you breathe underwater for five minutes. Put them on," she said, handing them out. 

"I have a question," Blaze said as the two angels took off their outer garments. "If the script of the edicts is not entirely deciphered, how do we know the seven edicts?" 

"I see you haven't yet worked on your essay, Ms. Blaze." 

"The Nritti pillars all have a translation etched underneath the original text. We don't know how or why Empress Nritti knew the translation. The edict script wasn't otherwise known or used during her time," Kaya answered, earning a look of appreciation from Circadia. 

<em>Pah, nerd!</em> 

Circadia ensured their breathing masks were tightly fastened before they dove into the water. 

The water in the Baoli had gone down almost a floor since he last visited. However, the well still extended down to almost sixty feet at its deepest. Two great statues of a Xenodon and a Ceraphent lay to the south of the well's floor. Blaze had not noticed them in the dark of the night, but under the mid-morning sun, they were visible even from the surface. 

Between the two statues was a three-foot wide circular entrance. Two perpendicular metal beams currently kept it open. 

The three angels squeezed through the opening and swam through a narrow claustrophobic passageway that was slanted upwards. Circadia turned on an underwater flashlight and they swam up, before emerging into a dark, dank cavern. 

"How did no one find that before? Or why did someone find it now?" Blaze asked when they stepped onto the clammy surface of the cavern. The damp clay clung to their bare feet but was soft and comfortable. Blaze took off his breathing device and turned it off. 

"It was quite a lucky break. The entrance opens only when there is no light hitting the two statues. Even moonlight will close the entrance. The statues have light-activated energy stones embedded in their eyes. Now, we are just keeping it open artificially. Alice got quite lucky." 

"The headmistress' secretary found this?" Blaze asked, surprised. Suddenly a strange thought came to him. <em>No, it can't be.</em> 

"Yes, but I don't know the whole story," Circadia replied, before leading them forward. 

The cave was lit by energy stone lamps; some of them were old and ancient but still functioning, others newer. Beautiful greenish-blue stalactites hung from the ceiling and the trio had to navigate through the stalagmites on the ground. The walls were covered with ancient paintings, depicting angels, demons, mythic beasts, fights, hunts, life in villages, and festivals. However, time had made the paintings blurry. 

The cave led into to a smaller room that contained a miniature version of a Nritti Pillar. The walls of the room were covered in writing that seemed even older than the pillar. 

Blaze held onto Circadia's hand. <em>Sorry Circy, if the ghost shows up, I'mma push you towards it and run away with Kaya. Your sacrifice as a brave teach shall be remembered!</em> He joked in his head. 

The room also contained numerous sculptures, figurines, and painted pottery from a bygone era. Kaya quickly walked up to a bronze statue of a ceraphent and began brushing the dust off its surface. 

Circadia was more interested in a marble pillar erected at the center. 

Years of lying inside a moldy cavern had marred its once resplendent white, and it was now covered in green, nasty looking moss. Blaze stood beside her and studied the writing on the pillar as Circadia brushed off the moss. There were two scripts: one was Azra-El's current script, Avestan, and the other was the undeciphered edict script. 

It was difficult to describe the script of Azra-El. Its letters were like musical notes. Even while writing, one felt like they were playing a tune; the tempo and rhythm changing based on the speed and writing style of the writer. 

The other scripture on the pillar and the surrounding walls was very different. It looked almost Earthly, with lines, dashes, and little arcs. Their letters a mixture of logographic and alphabetic script. 

"What does it say?" Blaze asked. 

"Not sure, but this is a great find. This has the potential to completely decode the script of the edicts. I've not seen most of these words before. Do you understand the basics of code-breaking, Ms. Blaze?" 

"A little," Blaze answered. Code-breaking and deciphering ancient languages had some common methodologies, and he had read a book on code-breaking back on Earth. "Figure out the most commonly used words and letters in the translation. Try to match those with the edict. Decipher and translate..." 

"That's a start. Why don't you give it a try with Kaya while you copy the script on this pillar? I will have a look at the rest of the writings on the walls," she said, calling Kaya over. She pulled out a couple of books and quill-pens and handed them to her students. 

Time flew by as the two young angels carefully penned down the script while discussing the cipher. They managed to translate the heading on top of the script, though most of it was with the help of the already-translated parts. 'Priyadarshi -- Beloved of the Gods'. 

"Sounds like a name of a person," they called Circadia over and told her. 

Circadia quickly went over their work. "This is a marvelous find!" she said, as her usually neutral expression turned excited. "I think we've finally found the true author of these edicts. Good work, you two. Let's head back for now. This place cannot be translated within a day." 

"But I want to know what else is written," Kaya protested. 

"Patience, child. A group of real experts will be visiting Tir tomorrow. We will have the entire place translated by Matadie morning. I just wanted you to have a chance to take a look at this place before it becomes busy," Circadia smiled and patted Kaya's shoulder. 

*** 

After he split with Kaya and Circadia, Blaze flew over to the headmistress' office. Alice had a bit of explaining to do. 

"Feel free to go in, Ms. Blaze. The headmistress is currently unoccupied," she told him when he entered. 

"Actually, it was you that I wanted to talk to," he said, walking over to face her across her desk. 

"Oh? Can I help you with something?" 

"I visited the Agrasen Baoli with Min Circadia Clime," he told her, studying her expression. 

"I have nothing to do with the apparition you witnessed, Ms. Blaze," she told him unflinchingly. 

"So, you <em>were</em> there!" 

"I was, but for an entirely different reason. I was as frightened by it as you were. I've informed the headmistress about what happened that night." 

He didn't know what to make of this revelation. <em>What</em> was <em>she doing there that night? Was she spying on me for the Headmistress?</em> 

Blaze went into the Headmistress' office with his head swimming. He was going to get some answers from her. 

<em>Well, answers aren't the only thing I'll be getting. Hehe.</em> 

However, he didn't get any answers from the headmistress, but he did leave her office satiated. 

The next day the HM passed a directive that stated that the younger angels were no longer allowed to go to the Baoli without supervision. 

oOo 

Blaze's third quarter at Tir flew by like a dream. 

Seshat was absent for a few days but she returned to teach the following week, completely rejuvenated and sporting a fabulous tail feather from her back. Blaze visited her numerous times over the week, but he refrained himself from his perversions. Angels' libidos weren't as high as his, but he had enough options. However, the week after her return, Seshat requested him for a massage, and one thing obviously ended up leading to another. 

By mid-quarter, Class 1A had piled up enough wins at Flyball to secure a spot in the semis. So, Blaze was kept out of all the games in theat third quarter. However, he kept working on his game with the help of his class' pitchers and Aahna. 

The Blazing Furies clothing brand began to pick up some popularity at Tir, and it also began to spread through the town. Blaze started running into random angels from town displaying his name on their chests; the brand was more popular amongst younger angels, though. 

Badava, the Pegasus, finally lost all her fear around Blaze. In fact, her excitement began to match Sky's, whenever Blaze visited them at the stalls. The Pegasus still retained her taciturn nature, but she wasn't mean to him anymore. She loved going for a run around the forests, yet she still didn't want to fly with him on her back. 

Blaze did manage to convince her to fly alongside him and Sky. It soon became a daily ritual for them to go for a long flight over Tir's grounds first thing in the morning. It became so common that early-rising students of Tir found it odd if they didn't spot Blaze, the Quetzal, and a Pegasus flying over the campus. 

Blaze, Elyssa, and Siofra continued to rigorously train for the tournament. Siofra had drastically improved over the previous break, but she was still unable to defeat him. However, the younger duo finally began to pose a challenge to Elyssa whenever they fought her two-against-one. Blaze's style of continuously attacking and picking up momentum complimented Siofra's quick and fleeting attacks. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
Despite their massive skill gap with Elyssa, they became quite adept in keeping her at bay, at least until they drained their energy reserves. This turn of events encouraged Siofra and made her work even harder for the tournament. 

So, unlike the previous quarter, when exams ended, Siofra was in high spirits. Not only because she was going to hang out with Blaze, but also because she would get to train with the amazing Aunty Jie Er. 

<em>I'd like to see you this energetic after the first day of training,</em> Blaze snickered, as Siofra led Aahna and Rachel to wage a war against Blaze and Elyssa right from the start of their game of Chaken. 

However, the two friends had anticipated Siofra's move even before the game began and sat beside each other to defend each other and build up their armies. They manage to defeat Rachel before Blaze valiantly sacrificed his best friend to win the war against the remaining two allied. 

Even the 3 vs 2 defeat did not put a damper on Siofra's mood. She spent a merry evening with her friends and she and Blaze bade farewell to Elyssa before retiring to their beds. 

*** 

Jie Er and Rebecca arrived at Tir at around half-past-nine that morning. They picked up Blaze and Siofra from his dorm before leaving Splash in Claudis' care, so that the little otter could keep Sky company while Blaze was gone. 

Their carriage quickly headed north. Jie Er had decided to go to the town of Riverbridge for the current session of training. Similar to D'warka, Riverbridge was a port town near the Purple Sea. Jie Er felt that it would be helpful for Blaze and Siofra get used to the lower altitude. 

The journey to Riverbridge from Tir was a day-long trip. So, late that afternoon, they stopped by a small mining town at the heart of Aranya to give their Pegasi some rest. 

As soon as they landed, they felt the grainy, suffocating air of the town. The town center was a dusty area with innumerable closely spaced stalls and narrow pathways between them. Hundreds of pungent smells permeated the air, and the coal particles kept the smell to the ground, overloading their senses. 

They waded through a sea of stalls and angels as Jie Er led them to a salon. 

Blaze rejoiced. Jie Er had always been adamant about him not getting a haircut, and now that it had grown past his shoulders, he felt it was time to shorten it by a lot. He wasn't particularly fond of it, as it was heavy and got in the way. The fact that it made him look more feminine did not help. 

"Dye their hair to match mine," she told the barbers, pushing him and Siofra towards the seats. "Even out the ends for her." 

Blaze was disappointed, but Siofra was excited for the color change. Soon, the two young angels were sporting platinum blonde hair, instead of their usual red and orange. 

Jie Er stepped behind Blaze, once his hair was dyed and dry. Pulling something out from her space ring, she gathered his hair into her hands. She lovingly ran her fingers through his hair for a moment before putting it up in a high ponytail, using the object she had pulled out of her space ring. 

It was a ponytail holder of small polished, interconnected stones of varying earthen colors. "It was your granny's," she smiled at him through the mirror, gently caressing the pearls of the band. 

Her words stifled any complaint in his mind. 

He gazed at his new ponytail and couldn't help but think it was a little cool. <em>Hitokiri Blazousai,</em> he told himself, remembering his favorite cartoon samurai from the Meiji era. He had red hair like him. The only thing he needed now was a katana and a kimono. <em>Maybe one of the eastern nations have them.</em> 

"Riverbridge is a Malakim town," Jie Er told them once they were back in the carriage and flying. Siofra nervously ensured her ears were still hidden behind her curls. "Just as a precaution, we shall be posing as a family, under different names. You two can be sisters and I shall be your mother," she told the young angels. 

"I am Rachel Arianrhod, and I shall be your Big Bro for the next couple of weeks, Siof," Blaze proclaimed to the currently blonde pixie. 

"My energy makeup feels older than yours, dumbass," Siofra pointed out. She had finally let go of all her inhibitions in front of Jie Er and Rebecca. This earned her a grin from Rebecca. 

"Language, Siofra!" Jie Er told her sternly. "But she is right, Blaze Er. Despite your height, you look younger. We shall be Eva, Siofra, and Rachel Arianrhod. Rebecca can be herself." 

*** 

It was late in the night by the time they arrived at Riverbridge, so Blaze couldn't get a glimpse of the sunset, which was touted to be a breathtaking sight from Riverbridge's harbor. 

During their travel, he had seen the landscape turn from thick forests and green grasslands to savannah. Riverbridge was a coastal Mediterranean town, surrounded by groves and groves of fruit-bearing Otine trees. It was a large sprawling space, and the only reason it wasn't considered a city was because of the lack of infrastructure. 

The salty smell of sea pervaded throughout the town, making their lungs feel heavy. Though it wasn't very refreshing, Blaze liked it. It reminded him of beaches, and back on Earth, he had loved beaches. 

They rented a couple of rooms for the night. Anticipating the torture that would start from the next day, Blaze chose to head to bed early. 

The next morning, however, after a light breakfast, Jie Er led them to a Nordic-looking mansion on the outskirts of the town, surrounded by grasslands and grazing herds of sheep and bison. 

A young, ginger-haired angel sat lounging in the grass near the mansion, reading a book. Her shoulder-length hair danced in the wind as she lay against a pet sheep. She gave the arriving angels an inattentive glance before going back to reading her book. 

The tall wooden doors of the mansion were opened by a middle-aged blonde-haired angel who was dressed as a servant or a butler. 

"Can you inform your lady that Blaze Er Lokra and her mother are here to seek her audience?" Jie Er asked the angel. 

The angel's eyes swept over the group. 

"Her hair is dyed," Jie Er told her, pointing at Blaze. 

The butler invited them inside and seated them in the living room before hurrying inside. Unlike Aranyan mansions, which were usually made of brick or stone, this house was entirely made of wood. The wooden furniture lacked cushions but were nonetheless designed to be comfortable. 

"The mistress will meet you," the butler announced, before leading them through a corridor that connected to a hall with a large wooden table in the middle and a jarl throne at the opposite corner. 

A ginger-haired angel, around Jie Er's age, sat on the jarl throne. 

She was reading from a stack of papers by her side, while holding a wooden mug. A modest fur-lined corset-skirt covered her thighs, but the way she sat with her thighs spread wide apart like a man, made her thong and her muscular inner thighs completely visible. 

A white fur cape covered her shoulders, and long tresses flowed behind her. 

Her eyes glanced up at their arrival, but surprise dawned on her when she caught a glimpse of Jie Er. 

"It's you!" she exclaimed, setting her papers aside and quickly getting up. "I was wondering why the Blazing Fury would visit me. I did not expect her to be your daughter," she said as she walked down the steps to meet them. 

She was a burly woman and was taller than Jie Er. Her body told of muscles that had gone smooth due to lack of use. 

"Hello, Fulla. It's been awhile. How have you been?" Jie Er smiled at her. 

"A while!? It's been ages! We haven't met since-" she said, glancing at Blaze and the others, "-in sixty-nine years! Come, have a seat. Introduce me to your family," she said, taking Jie Er's hand and leading her to the table. Jie Er's cheeks flushed at the word family. 

Fulla sat at the head of the table and the rest sat around her. 

"Well, you must've heard about my daughter, Blaze Er," she spoke, pointing at Blaze. "This is her friend Siofra Eoiwagn, and my friend, Rebecca Flynn, a lieutenant of the Red Rose division," she introduced them. "Guys, meet Fulla Frejadottir, a jarl of Vaikunheim." 

"Thane," Fulla corrected her. "My sister is the current jarl. I simply take care of the kingdom's shipping business at Riverbridge." 

"Min Fulla?" Blaze interjected, finding Fulla's name and face familiar. "Have we met before?" 

"You must have seen me at the delegate meet at Sekat, dear Blaze. I have recently been performing the duties of Vaikunheim's ambassador to Aranya," she answered, before turning to Jie Er. "Tell me y- Jie, are the times so bad that they warrant your reappearance? I was sure you were alive, but I didn't think I would ever see you again. I've always hoped for a chance to fight beside you, instead of against you." 

"Just call me Jie Er, Fulla. I haven't been involved in any political matters for a long time. I know as much about the war as anyone else. I am only here for Blaze Er's training." 

"And, how does that relate to you visiting me?" Fulla asked, raising a curious brow. "I doubt you would visit me simply because you happened to be in the area." 

"I need you to guide Blaze Er in your style of fighting. Perhaps, you can even teach her a thing or two about using axes and dual-wielding." 

"And why would you think that I would teach my rival's daughter?" 

Jie Er fell silent. 

Fulla let out a full, throaty laugh. "I am joking. I will do what I can, but why isn't she inheriting your own techniques." 

"She is, but currently, I am trying to teach her to be proficient at all weapons. Moreover, Blaze is quite inclined towards using brute force... You will understand once you see her fight." 

Fulla laughed again. "I wish my daughter was more inclined towards <em>brute force</em>. She is more into books than weapons. But that is not a bad thing. Our children are not made to be our replicas." 

"Thank you, Fulla." 

"Of course," she replied and turned to her butler. "Aslaug, can you bring Ragna over? She needs to be introduced to our guests." 

"We plan to camp around the Uluru Pena," Jie Er told her after Aslaug left. "I will send Blaze over whenever you are free." 

"Nonsense. You will stay with us. You won't be able to convince me otherwise. I will train her for an hour or two every morning, and you lot can go train wherever you want after that. Ragna will like a couple of angels her age around. The Uluru Pena isn't far from here. Maybe a half-hour's flight." 

After a couple of minutes, the girl they had seen outside arrived with Aslaug. 

"Daughter, meet Blaze Er Lokra and her mother, Jie Er. They will be staying with us for a few weeks. Jie Er is a good friend of mine from my academy days." 

With a small downward curving nose, sharp blue eyes, steeply rising brows, and slim red lips, Ragna's face bore some resemblance to her mother's. However, she was lean, a little shorter than Blaze, and possessed a contemplative look in her eyes. Her eyes flitted towards Siofra with more interest than she showed for him. 

"Ragnhild Fulladottir. It's a pleasure to meet you," she said, taking Blaze's hand and giving it a shake. 

"Ragna is very culturally inclined," Fulla told them, pointing towards all the Nordic artifacts and furniture that decorated the house. Rows of bookshelves, paintings of seafarers, mermaids, ships, and berserker warriors surrounded the hall. "Ragna, why don't you show your young friends around the house and get to know each other? Maybe you would want to join them in the training as well?" 

"No training for me, mom. This is my break. I am not going to do anything but read books and lounge. Anything else will be considered on their merit, but I will not hear a word about training," she pointedly informed her mother. "Come, Blaze and Siofra, I shall show you around. What do you want to see first? The house or our farms?" 

"Farms!" Blaze answered. He wanted to get some fresh air. 

Ragna turned out to be a pleasant ina in her mid-fifties. She was a quiet angel. It wasn't because she was shy, but she didn't like to speak when she did not have anything significant to say. The trio of young angels spent a little while messing around with the bison and chasing after the sheep. 

When they returned, they found out that Jie Er and Rebecca had decided to spend that day at Fulla's mansion. Later that evening, Blaze sparred with Siofra, and the older angels watched to figure out which areas the duo needed to improve. 

Fulla's manor house had only two large guestrooms, so Jie Er and Rebecca were given one while Blaze and Siofra had to share the other. Blaze didn't mind. It was much better than camping outside. Moreover, he could always slip away to the other room when needed. 

oOo 

The next morning, Blaze stayed back to train with Fulla while Jie Er and Rebecca took Siofra to Uluru Pena to get a head start on her training. 

Fulla and Blaze stood in the middle of Fulla's backyard. Their only audience was a disinterested Ragna, who sat under the shade of a nearby patio, reading a book. 

"Your mother tells me that you are as strong as a bison," Fulla's deep, rich voice resonated as she peered down at Blaze. 

The angel, who looked like a viking goddess, stood with her hands on her hips, towering over Blaze's seemingly diminutive form. Though Blaze was only 5'8 in his angel body, he was by no means a petite person. However, in front of Fulla, he looked like a child. 

Fulla was wearing a short fur skirt and a fur top that was held tight by leather straps going around her chest and below her breasts. Her tresses of ginger hair were now held together in a long-braided ponytail. 

"As strong as an Arctot," Blaze grinned back, showing off his bicep. His raw strength was one thing he was still confident about. 

"Punch me," Fulla said unamused, tapping the naked skin of her stomach. Though her muscles had gone soft during her laidback years as a merchant, the lines of her abs were still noticeable. 

Blaze quickly put up his hands in a boxing guard. Jie Er could take his glaive on her bare skin, so he wasn't worried about hurting Fulla. He only glanced up at her for confirmation. 

"As hard as you can." 

Blaze planted his left foot forwards and mowed his fist into her stomach, putting all his weight and strength behind it. Fulla didn't move a muscle and stood still as a pillar. 

The young angel looked up at her, horrified. His punch had not even been able to push her back. The worst part was that he had felt skin. Body reinforcement usually felt hard, like metal. Feeling skin meant that Fulla took his punch without using any reinforcement. Yet, she looked unfazed. 

Blaze's only saving grace was the loud smack that had resulted from his fist crashing against her skin. 

Ragna, who had been reading her book without paying any attention to them, set her book aside and looked at them with sudden interest. 

"Impressive," Fulla nodded at him. "But worthless." 

"Huh?" 

"It was a strong punch. However, it is too reliant on your feet on the ground. Angels belong in the air," she explained, pointing a finger at the sky. 

"Er... you wanted me to punch you as hard as I could..." he said, taking his arm back and standing upright. 

Instead of answering, she pulled out two war axes from her space ring and handed them to him. 

"I've never really used axes before," he said, taking them and testing their weights and grip. They were simple weapons, meant for training. 

"Your mother asked me to teach you my style of fighting, and that is what I am going to do," she told him, bringing out her own two axes. They were larger than his, but otherwise no different. "The <em>Asynjur</em> of Vaikunheim mostly wield dual weapons. Do you know why?" she asked, tossing her axes up and catching them in a flourish. 

Blaze shook his head. He knew wielding two one-handed weapons was inefficient in most cases. A shield in most cases trumped a second weapon. 

"Balance," she gave him a short reply, before manifesting a pair of large elliptical wings that were almost as wide as they were long. They were a light lilac that slowly turned red towards the wing tips. "Come," she said with a strong flap, and pushed off the ground, the force of the wind from her wings almost knocking Blaze off his feet. 

Blaze followed her and they came to a hover at around five-hundred feet. He held the axes by his sides and felt his center of gravity perfectly balanced on both sides. 

"For most angels who use one-handed weapons," Fulla began, "the defense provided by a shield offsets the cost of losing a little balance. The Asynjur of Vaikunheim follow the way of the berserker, so we rarely care for shields." 

"Don't you have to be a demon to be a berserker?" 

"<em>That</em> is a misconception. There are two ways to achieve the trance-like fury of a berserker. One is through rage built up by killing, which is what the demons do, while the other is through focus. The Asynjur attain a berserker like state by constantly chaining attacks without stopping. 

"We will rather get hit and continue our momentum, than dodge and lose it. However, it also doesn't mean that we never dodge. If we dodge, we dodge in a way that can continue our attacks. Maintaining your rhythm is of utmost importance to an Asynjur. Once an opponent falls into our rhythm, the match is decided, unless the opponent is much stronger," she said, pausing for a moment. 

Blaze nodded for her to continue. He was able to keep up with this onslaught of information. 

"Three things are important for all berserkers: Battle instinct, Balance, and Body reinforcement. The 'three B's' of berserking. Jie Er says that you possess the first. We shall train the other two. <em>Now</em>, put away those axes. <em>You</em> are not ready for them," her voice boomed at him, as she withdrew her own axes back into her space ring. 

<em>Then why even bring them out?</em> 

"Are you ready?" she asked him, twisting and stretching the muscles of her arms. 

"Er... Can I use my gauntlets?" Blaze asked in an almost-pleading voice. If Fulla was anything like Jie Er, he was pretty sure that he was in for a pummeling. 

"No. Only your body reinforcement," she told him firmly. "Don't worry, I won't use any more strength than that is average for someone taking part in your tournament." 

"Okay," Blaze nodded nervously, and she charged at him. 

The fight started out manageably for Blaze, but as Fulla built up momentum, he began to understand her earlier words. Her barrage gave him no respite. 

It wasn't that he couldn't block or weather her punches and kicks, but they were relentless. Each attack flowed seamlessly into another, and when he countered, she brushed off his attacks with her body and continued her onslaught. 

She was unstoppable, like a raging river, and Blaze was a raft trapped in her flow. Fulla didn't even care about where she hit him. Even his hardened wings were fair game, as long as her attack enabled her to continue her momentum. 

Within half an hour, Blaze found himself sprawled on the ground -- bruised, battered, and frustrated. He wouldn't have felt as bad if he had been defeated by a display of technique and power that were greater than his own. However, everything that Fulla used was achievable for the current him. 

Fulla landed beside him and dematerialized her wings. "That should be enough for today. I simply wanted you to experience the way of the Asynjur with your own body. Mull over the fight. We shall start at the same time tomorrow," she said, and sauntered back towards the mansion. 

Blaze simply lay on the grass and stared at the white puffy clouds in the sky, contemplating his apparent weakness. During his first month on Azra-El, he had foolishly believed that within a few years, he would become the strongest angel around. Now, it seemed like it would take a lifetime. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
After a few minutes, Ragna approached him, with a mug in her hand. "Want some mead?" 

He sat upright, wordlessly took the mug, and downed it in one go. It didn't have much alcohol in it, but its sweetness brought some vigor back to his body. 

"Thanks, Ragna," he said, getting up. "I guess I will head over to the Uluru rock. See you in the evening." 

Ragna stood watching his shrinking figure in the sky, with a touch of disbelief and admiration. She hadn't expected him to recover his will so soon after such a beat down. 

"You were as dedicated once," she heard her mother's voice from behind, making her jump. 

"So were you, I presume." 

"Yes," she replied nostalgically. "But I guess both of us have found a different calling." 

"Anyway, she does live up to her name, doesn't she?" 

*** 

The Uluru Pena was an inselberg; a two-thousand-foot high, cylindrical mountain of greyish-white granite. Though it was a few yonders away from town, it was still clearly visible. Blaze only had to fly straight to reach it. 

The walls of the mountain were completely barren, but its top contained a steaming caldera surrounded by lush vegetation of grass and flowering shrubs that grew over volcanic ash and dust brought over by sea and land breezes. 

Blaze found Siofra and his two aunts on the banks of the mountaintop lake. Siofra lay sprawled over the grass, completely drained of her energy, while Rebecca and Jie Er sat by her side. 

"How was Fulla's demonstration, Blaze Er?" Jie Er asked him when he landed by their side. 

"It was good. I can't wait to learn to fight like her," he replied before pointing at a heaving Siofra. "Is she alright?" 

"Yes. We just finished some light exercises," Jie Er replied nonchalantly. "Becky, I think she's had enough time to rest. Why don't you take over her training for a little? I need to teach Blaze a new trick." 

"Huh?" Siofra exclaimed in disbelief. She had expected a longer rest. 

"Haha!" Rebecca snickered, manifesting her wings. Blaze was sure he saw a glint of evil in her eyes as she made her way towards Siofra. 

"Wait! I need a little more time!" Siofra waved her hands. 

"Let's go little pixie," Rebecca said, grabbing Siofra's arm and jumping into the air. 

"Herrrp!" Siofra screamed at Blaze, reaching out her hand towards him as Rebecca took her away. 

"Is that alright?" Blaze asked Jie Er, unsure but nonetheless amused. 

"She said she wanted to get strong," Jie Er said getting up. 

Blaze sighed and shook his head. <em>Rebecca couldn't be worse than aunty Jie Er, can she?</em> 

*** 

"Blaze Er, have you wondered why my technique is called the Swift Wing Style?" Jie Er asked, as they hovered over the lake. 

Blaze nodded in acknowledgement. 'Steel Wing Style' would have been more appropriate to what he had learned thus far. 

Jie Er focused on her wings and they gained a shiny gleam. "It is because hardened wings were never intended to be used in our attacks. They were only meant to serve as a defensive tool. The core offense of our technique comes from our <em>dashing</em> techniques," she told him as she raised her wings. 

"Huh?" 

The moment she flapped her wings, there was a loud boom. Jie Er disappeared from where she was and almost instantaneously appeared in front of him with her fist stopping inches off his nose. 

"The problem with this technique," she said to a dazed Blaze, her ability to cover fifty feet in the blink of an eye, seemingly out of the realm of Physics, "is that it puts a tremendous toll on your energy resources. You will also temporarily be unable to use your hardening. I reckon you would be able to use it only once or twice in any fight. However, it has the potential to be your finishing move in the upcoming tournament." 

Jie Er waited a moment for the gravity of her words and the situation to sink in. 

"How..." he said, still trying to process what he had just seen. 

"You will spend the rest of these three weeks trying to learn the Swift Wing Dash. It is not easy. Not only is it technically a hard move to master, but it also requires impeccable timing to maximize its efficiency." 

*** 

That evening, Rebecca carried Siofra back to Fulla's mansion and the enervated pixie fell asleep in her arms. They woke her up for dinner, and after pouting through her meal, Siofra stumbled her way to the bedroom she was meant to share with Blaze. 

Blaze followed her and flopped down beside her on the bed. 

"What is this?" she said, choking on her words. "This is a nightmare. I thought I'd have fun hanging out with you and aunties..." 

Blaze took her little hand and gently rubbed it. "It's how I got that strong over our first break. I won't judge you if you want it to stop, but I don't want you to. And, I don't think you will want to either." 

"Damn you, Blaze! You should've been clear about how harsh Aunty Jie Er's training can be. I would've been more prepared!" 

"Where's the fun in that? It was pretty hilarious watching you cry out for <em>herrp!</em>" 

Siofra twisted his finger. 

oOo 

A week later, Jie Er gave Blaze and Siofra a day off. Ragna approached them that morning and told them about a party at the mayor's mansion. 

"I asked your mother. She thinks it will be a good break in training. I am not really fond of parties, but I would love to have you two along with me. The party will definitely be good, if either of you two are into such social occasions." 

"Will I need formal clothes?" Blaze asked her. 

He had the clothes that he had worn to Sekat meet, but he couldn't wear them whilst pretending he wasn't himself. 

"Don't worry about it. It's a casual party. You can wear whatever you want. If anyone has an issue, to the Hela with them." 

As the evening set in, the trio flew over to the mayor's place, a typical Aranyan chateaux surrounded by gardens, trees, and verandahs. However, unlike the party at Sekat, this one was indoors. 

They walked through the mahogany doors of the building and they found themselves in an archetypal party from the 1920s. 

Posh angels dressed in stylish clothing flitted across the shiny black granite floor of the central hall, holding wine glasses and making conversation. From the ceiling of the hall that arched over the second floor, hung a massive crystal chandelier, dimly illuminating the angels below in a rainbow of colors. 

Two flights of spiral stairs ran up to the second floor, separated from the hall by a circular balustrade of pearly white plaster. Waiters, dressed in black and white, hurried back and forth from the kitchen, serving rich hors d'oeuvres and wine. 

A trio of angels stood at the center of the hall, playing music that reverberated against the polished walls of stone. An angel in a short, deep-lilac dress sang with a lucid, deep, and melodious voice that was accompanied by a zither and a piano. As she sang, her arms sensuously moved to the rhythm of the music while her song echoed against the ceiling. 

"Oh, wow! Is that from the Blazing Fury collection?" exclaimed a pink-haired bubbly girl, approaching the trio of angels who had paused at the entrance. She wore a gorgeous red skirt and her white frilly top displayed the words Blazing Furies over her chest. "I love it! Where did you get it?" 

Blaze was currently wearing a cream-colored denim dungaree over a red shirt. The chest portion of his overalls displayed his epithet. 

"Er..." 

"Hey Clara. Nice party," Ragna spoke to the girl. "These two are the daughters of my mother's friend from her academy days. They are visiting and I decided to bring them over. I hope you don't mind." 

"Of course not! The more the merrier," the mayor's daughter said with a genuine smile. "Welcome to Riverbridge. It's not the most exciting town in Aranya, but I try my best!" 

"I find the town and its people quite lovely!" Siofra chimed, while Blaze smiled and nodded. <em>Smile and nod</em> had always been his motto at parties on Earth. It usually worked quite well. 

"I never thought I'd say this, but <em>this</em> is a groovy dungaree," Clara said, reaching out to feel the straps of Blaze's clothing. "The Blazing Fury brand is simply fabulous. They somehow even bring life to old and insipid styles. Where did you get it?" 

"Um... Varan, I suppose. My mother picked it up on the way..." Blaze muttered, noticing Siofra roll her eyes. 

"Neat! Isn't that where Blaze Er Lokra is from? Are you a fan?" Clara asked excitedly, giving Siofra a sideward glance. She seemed to take an affront at her lack of interest in the Blazing Furies Collection. 

"Er... I guess I am?" 

"Yep. She is definitely her biggest fan," Siofra snickered, receiving a kick in the shins from Blaze. 

"Oh, me too! I can't wait to see her in the tournament. Come, I will introduce you to the rest of my friends," Clara hooked Blaze's arm and lead them inside. 

Clara introduced them to the rest of the rich and the nobility of Riverbridge. They were a convivial lot, but none of the threesome were extroverted enough to go and meet all of them. Ragna ran into a friend and the four angels bee-lined towards a cozy corner table. 

Picking up a few drinks and snacks from the servers, Ragna and her dark-haired friend, Velli Borgia, soon began to talk about the economic affairs of Riverbridge. Blaze and Siofra payed attention until <em>the potential benefits of expanding Riverbridge's borders</em> became too esoteric for the non-locals. 

The two siblings at heart, sat by each other's side and let themselves go at the rich wine and the delectable cheese that seemed to be available in an inexhaustible supply. 

Aranya had a cultural disinclination towards alcohol consumption, while the Caledonian empire had completely banned it despite an age-old cultural disposition towards drink. Riverbrigde, as a port town that connected these two nations, was luckily free of both influences. 

"Slow down on those drinks, Siof," Blaze warned the pixie, who reached her fourth cocktail in a span of twenty minutes. 

"Meh. I'll be <em>fine</em>. Besides, I have my Big Bro around, don't I?" she replied, exaggeratedly patting his back as she chugged down the contents of her glass. "Haah!" she smacked her lips and let out a breath. 

"I am only the Big Bro when it suits you," Blaze complained, popping a piece of sharp blue cheese into his mouth. Siofra laughed and lolled her head on his shoulder, rubbing her head against him like a cat. 

"Careful, your ears might show." 

"Who was it that said that I should display my ears with pride?" 

Blaze shook his head. The pixie was already drunk, and he had a good buzz going. Setting aside his empty glass of wine, he looked around the hall to see if anyone else was as drunk. 

Then he spotted <em>her</em> -- sitting by herself at a lone table by the second floor's balustrade, drinking a deep-crimson wine from her wine glass. The red of the liquid lingered over her lips as she brought the glass down. 

Her narrow pensive eyes scanned over the angels, silently observing and measuring each person. If she had a cigarette in her hand, Blaze would have been convinced that she had stepped out of a noir movie to be the heroine of his story. Her pink lips were plump, but her nonchalance had them drawn pressed like a single line 

He gaped at her for a minute or two, before managing to tear his eyes away from hers and take in the rest of her. 

She was wearing a short, black velvet skirt over a white, frilly-sleeved cotton top. A straw hat with a small red bow rested over her lustrous black hair that reached past her shoulders. One could not claim that she had a titillating feminine charm, but there was something exciting about her. The eyes and lips were narrowed in some contemplation that Blaze was not privy to. 

Pushing Siofra's head away from his shoulder, he stood up and handed his glass to the pixie. He took in a deep breath and made his way up the stairs. He wasn't going to let her disappear on him again. 

The girl's eyes widened as he approached her. Wordlessly, he pulled up a chair in front of her and sat down. 

"<em>Hey</em>, do you have a map?" he asked. 

"Huh?" The girl's expression turned from surprise to confusion. 

"I keep getting lost in your eyes, and I badly need a map to find my way out." 

She remained as bewildered. <em>I guess cheesy pickup lines don't work on angels.</em> "Do you remember me?" he asked after a moment of awkward silence, readily pretending that he had not said any of his earlier words. 

"How can I forget the Blazing Fury?" she replied in an accent that sounded Caledonian. He clearly remembered that her voice had carried a different accent when he first met her. <em>Maybe it's the character she is playing now.</em> 

"You know who I am?" 

"Of course, Ms. Lokra. Did you really think that merely changing your hair color is a good enough disguise?" she grinned. "But what would I know? Seems like you recognize me, despite my best attempts at disguising myself." 

Blaze tried his best to not stare at her lips as she brought up the wine glass to take another sip. 

"What do you mean?" he asked. 

"I am pretty sure I look different than usual. If not, I am in trouble." 

Blaze scanned her face. She had a pair of slightly upturned, purple eyes that seemed to have been shaped by the brushstrokes of a master painter, their perfection almost too pleasing. 

Thin black lines of mascara swept along the curves of her eyes, ending in sharp edges. Her black brows were also like sharp thin brushstrokes, dark and wide enough to splendidly adorn her eyes and pale white skin. 

He couldn't tell which parts of her thin, heart-shaped face were manipulated. If he had to guess, he would've said that she had added some extra weight to her nose and cheeks, but she looked beautiful even with the changes. The thought that she could've made herself prettier and not less, did not even cross his mind. 

"I think this is the first time I've really seen your face..." he finally sighed. 

She raised her brows in a lovely arch. "I thought you saw me when we flew past each other at that mining town." 

"I did, but I was too distracted by your eyes." 

"My eyes?" 

"Yes, they are simply enchanting," he blurted out. <em>Oh god! That was cheesier than the pickup line.</em> 

The girl's eyes widened again, and she finally seemed to understand Blaze's line from before. "Well, Ms. Blaze, I think your eyes are enchanting too," she said with a slight smile as her cheeks turned a little red. 

It was Blaze's turn to blush. "So, who are you?" he asked, falling back against his chair and trying to change the conversation. He was sure that her cheeks and cheekbones were massively altered along with her hair and he had no idea how she looked, but he was sure she was tall, smart, hot, and mysterious. <em>Damn. Shouldn't that be my description?</em> 

"Lynn Streltsy, daughter of a merchant from D'Warka. Who are you?" she replied, making the meaning behind her words obvious. 

"Rachel Arianrhod, and that's my sister, Siofra Arianrhod," he said, pointing at his group below. 

"The pixie?" 

"You recognize her as well?" Blaze asked, taken aback. 

"Just a guess from the name. Everyone's heard of the Blazing Fury and his pixie." 

Blaze laughed as he looked at Siofra waving her hand to grab a waiter's attention. He was pretty sure Siofra would be annoyed at being termed as his pixie. 

The conversation abruptly ended after that, and Blaze suddenly felt strapped for words. Unlike his usual self, he felt like a flustered teen who got the chance to talk to his crush for the first time. 

As they sat facing each other in awkward silence, the singer started singing a new song. 

<em>~Just a small town ivka</em> 

<em>Livin' in a lonely world</em> 

<em>She took the midnight carriage goin' anywhere</em> 

<em>Just a city ina</em> 

<em>Born and raised in south 'o Sekhat</em> 

<em>She took the midnight carriage goin' anywhere</em> 

<em>A singer in a stuffy room</em> 

<em>The smell of wine and sweet perfume</em> 

<em>For a smile they can share the night~</em> 

Blaze pulled out a piece of reed from his space ring and put it between his lips like a cigarette. Why did he have a reed in his space ring? Well, he had been pretending to be a wandering samurai over the week. Sitting by the caldera lake during his downtime and musing over the vagaries of the world with the very reed between his lips. 

<em>It goes on and on, and on, and on</em> 

<em>Strangers...~</em> 

Despite the hint of nostalgia and longing in the lyrics, the tune was upbeat, and Blaze found himself tapping his foot to the beat. With his arm over the railing, he peered over to watch the musicians. A trombone player had joined the earlier group of three, and a few angels gathered around the performers began to dance. 

"Like the music?" he asked, glancing at his companion. 

"I like this one..." 

He raised a questioning brow at her. 

"The music at events like these is usually just there to enhance and supplement everything else - the food and the wine. Good music has nothing to do with where you are or what you are doing. It's an experience by itself." 

An image of Lynn sitting in a lonely room and listening to Bach or Chopin on a gramophone popped into Blaze's mind. "I don't agree," he told her. "It's good music if people like it." 

Blaze waited for the singer to finish her song before he spoke again. "Would you care for a dance with me?" he asked as the musicians began to prepare for their next song. He hoped a little jig on the dance floor would reawaken his usual <em>suave</em>. 

She seemed uncomfortable with idea and struggled with it. "I don't dance much..." 

"Neither do I. Come. What do you got to lose? It's not like anyone here knows who you are." 

Lynn let out a breath. Blaze stood up and offered her his hand. Glancing up at him unsurely, she hesitantly took his hand and stood up. He suddenly found himself tilting his head to look up at her eyes. 

He didn't notice it while they were sitting, but she was strikingly taller than him -- over six feet was his estimate. He observed her energy makeup and found her to be around Elyssa's age; maybe a little younger. 

Her height bothered him a little, but he pushed the thought aside. In a hundred years, it was likely he would be taller than even Fulla. He had measured himself recently, and he was pretty sure he had grown at least half a centimeter since his hatching. His growth rate was enough to put him a few inches over Jie Er by the time he hit a hundred. That's all he wanted. He didn't need to be a giant of a man. 

A new song began as the two angels walked down to the dance floor. The pianist began to play a slow and steady tune, followed by the zither, and ending with a clash of cymbals. 

The angels around them began to sway their bodies to the rhythm, and Lynn intended to join them and meld into the crowd. However, Blaze had other ideas. 

<em>~It's a portended small affair</em> 

He pulled her towards himself and gently wrapped his other arm around her high waist. Even through her frilly top, he felt the tautness of the skin underneath. Despite her lean figure, Blaze could feel the strength in her as they swayed around with the music. 

<em>To the ivka with the mousy hair</em> 

Her eyes widened but it wasn't an unexpected sort of surprise. Their fingers intertwined and her free hand hesitantly moved over his shoulder. Her fingers were long and lean, but they felt strong. He could feel the callouses on her palms and fingers. It spoke of years of training with weapons. Yet, all he could think about at that moment was how natural it felt to be here with her in this moment. He hoped that she could not hear the pounding in his pulse that just wouldn't go away. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
<em>But her head is yelling nooo</em> 

She looked down into his sparkling green eyes and found him gazing back with an intensity that set her heart fluttering erratically and brought her stomach lurching to life. 

<em>And her heart is telling her to let goo</em> 

They forgot the world around them, lost in the depth of each other's eyes and locked by the intensity of their gaze. If the world had come crashing around them, they would not have noticed it one bit. 

At that moment, Blaze fought a losing battle against his will to take her face in his hands give her a scorching kiss that she would remember for eons to come. 

<em>But her friend is nowhere to be seen</em> 

<em>Now she walks in her sunken dream</em> 

<em>In the seat with the clearest view</em> 

<em>And she's hooked to those dazzly orbs</em> 

Slowly, Blaze began to lead her in a sauntering waltz. The music receded to the background in their minds, and their bodies instinctively responded to the rhythm. 

<em>But the song is a saddening bore</em> 

<em>For she's heard it ten times or more</em> 

They glided and wove between the other angels and their duet attracted a few curious glances. Unlike Blaze's dance with Astrid at Saket, this dance was comparatively chaste, except for what was going through Blaze's mind in that moment. 

<em>... Sailors fighting in the dance hall</em> 

<em>Oh gosh, look at those angels gooo</em> 

Suddenly, Lynn raised Blaze's arm over their heads. He gave her a curious look and found a sparkle in her eye. She spun her hand and he chose to twirl under it. After all, <em>He was the short one.</em> Stepping back on her left foot, she pulled him towards herself, switching the positions of their hands to take the lead. 

<em>... Oh gosh, wonder if she'll ever know</em> 

<em>She's in the bestselling show</em> 

<em>Is there life with Mars?</em> 

Suddenly, Blaze noticed a change in Lynn. Her pensive gaze was gone to be replaced with a new sense of freedom. However, somewhere deep in her purple eyes, he saw was a sliver of ... <em>trepidation?</em> 

<em>It's on the ivka's tortured brow</em> 

<em>That the mouse has grown up a rat</em> 

<em>Rule Caledonia is out of bounds</em> 

<em>To my mother, my dog, and clowns...</em> 

Blaze could empathize with the fear. He felt it too. He was comfortable with sexual attraction, but the one he currently felt was a lot more. It brought him a sense of unease. He didn't <em>know</em> her and the knowledge of her potentially being his Kindred was heavy. 

He hoped that it was just the puzzle that was Lynn that attracted him. He had always liked to solve things. 

<em>~But the song is a saddening bore</em> 

<em>'Cause I wrote it ten times or more</em> 

<em>It's about to be writ again</em> 

<em>As I ask you to focus on</em> 

<em>Sailors fighting in the dance hall</em> 

<em>Oh gosh, look at those angels gooo</em> 

As the cadence of the singer's voice began to increase, their movements became more and more pronounced, the knowledge that the song was going to end bringing in a need to satiate their inexplicable appetite. 

<em>Oh man, wonder if she'll ever know</em> 

<em>She's in the bestselling show</em> 

<em>Is there life with Mars?~</em> 

Lynn twirled him again and pulled him to her chest, their bodies finally colliding against each other. He felt her chest pressing against him. She wasn't massively endowed, but that could be a result of the tight undergarment that she seemed to be wearing under the looser cotton top. 

Blaze simply gazed into her eyes as she leaned forward and dipped him low over her hand. 

The song ended and the angels surrounding them began clapping - mostly for the musicians, but some of the applause was directed towards them as well. Especially from Blaze's group, who had been watching their frolics. 

"Do you like the music now?" he asked her smugly, as she pulled him back upright. Her eyes danced around in embarrassment, as she tried to avoid eye contact with the angels around her. 

"I never said I didn't like good music," she began to defend herself before she shook her head and let out a sigh. "Yes, I enjoyed it. Quite a lot." Her face was flushed but her words were assured. 

"Another?" 

"Hmm. Another time perhaps. We shouldn't overdo it. I would like to keep this memorable. Besides, your <em>sister</em> looks a little lonely," she replied, looking at Siofra's table. 

Blaze glanced back. Siofra looked like the only company she currently cared about was more drink. Ragna and her friend seemed happy enough to keep talking with each other. However, Blaze didn't refute Lynn's words. 

"Come," he said, without letting go of her hand. "I will introduce you to my <em>sister</em>." 

"Hey guys, this is Lynn..." Blaze began once they reached the table. 

"Lynn Streltsy. Rachel and I are acquaintances," Lynn introduced herself. 

"Hey!" "Hello." 

"Lynn, Lynn..." Siofra mused in a lilting voice. "Where've I 'eard dat before?" 

"General Lynn Sturm?" Blaze offered. 

"No, no. Nod her," Siofra drawled, her eyes narrowing at Blaze for a moment before suddenly widening like saucers. "I know!" she exclaimed, pointing a finger at Lynn. "You're dat angel dat she is-" 

"REALLY CURIOUS about," Blaze yelled, jumping to Siofra's side and closing her mouth. 

"Right, reeely <em>curious</em>," Siofra said, pulling Blaze's hand down, while a puzzled Lynn looked between the two. Blaze wiped Siofra's saliva on her sleeve and sat down beside her. 

"Actually, the name Streltsy sounds familiar to me as well," Ragna commented, unintentionally coming to Blaze's rescue. 

"You've probably heard of the Streltsy division of Angalnebo," Lynn replied, pulling up a chair and sitting between Blaze and Ragna. 

"Oh, yes," Ragna nodded, "Any relation?" 

"Yes. The division was named after one of my ancestors." 

"Oh, wow!" Ragna exclaimed. "That's amazing. Are you from Angalnebo, then? Is your mother in the division?" 

"No. Most of my family these days are mostly merchants in Caledonia. We haven't lived in Angalnebo for many generations." 

"Eh, you're one of us then," Ragna smiled, butting her shoulders against her friend sitting beside her. "What do you guys deal in?" 

"Mostly heavy cargo. Metal, energy stones ..." 

The conversation quickly turned towards shipping companies. 

Siofra finished another glass and beckoned to a waitress for more. Blaze had lost track of the number while he had been with Lynn. 

"Oi, I think you've had enough," Blaze scolded her. 

"Go away and just lemmebe... You had no eyes for lil' ole sister while you 'ere dancing...," she slurred. "I never been dis drunk before, and it helps me forget da 'ell I've been through. Auntie's a demon in disguise." 

"Training," Blaze explained to Lynn. He considered putting a stop to Siofra's drinking but decided against it. He wanted her to learn a lesson when he was around to take care of her. 

He let her be and turned to Lynn. "So, Lynn. What <em>do</em> you like?" 

"Horses," she replied without a pause. 

"Horses? Not Pegasi?" 

"I like Pegasi too, but horses are my favorite creatures. I guess it's because I know I can never run like a horse. Nothing compares to the feeling of riding a wild horse when it runs through the grasslands along with its pack." 

Soon, the two angels began to talk about things they liked. 

Lynn wasn't very forthcoming with her identity, but she was open about her interests and views about the world. 

Amongst her varied interests were reading, writing, and flying to the top of mountains. She especially loved to soar through the clouds, all by herself, and feel the freedom of simply floating along. She had apparently been a late bloomer in the flying department and flying had remained special in her mind. 

Blaze had gotten so used to the idea of flying that it had somehow become as mundane as standing up or walking. But when Lynn talked about soaring through the clouds, the joy in her words made him recall the first time he had felt the wind buffeting against his face and coursing through his feathers. It truly had been the most freeing experience in either of his lives. 

Defying gravity had always been his dream superpower, but now that he possessed it, it wasn't that special anymore. However, listening to Lynn talk about flying made him want to fly beside her and share her joy. 

As one thing led to another, their conversation soon diverted to another subject that he usually loved discussing with Elyssa. Philosophy. 

"I don't agree," Lynn said when he told her that he didn't think much of the concept of duty to nations. He had never respected the idea of actions deriving from a sense of obligation. <em>One had to do something because they really wanted to.</em> 

"Duty for the sake of duty is how you get a stable and moral society," Lynn continued. "If everyone acts according to their desires and impulses rather than their moral obligations, we will get an anarchy, not a good moral society. Though the demons seemed to have constructed a stable society based solely on their desires, it is not a moral society. 

I do not deny that good actions stemming from a desire to do good may be in a way superior to those stemming from duty. However, even angels cannot achieve a functioning society based purely on the goodwill of people. Not right now, anyway." 

Blaze had a counterpoint, but before he could say anything, Siofra interjected. "Blazey, I dun feel too gud." 

He looked at her and found her looking a little green. "Shit! Let's get you outside," he said, taking her hand. Siofra stood up but she stumbled and fell. 

Blaze caught her under his arm and felt her whole weight on him. Her legs seemed to have turned jelly. He quickly scooped her up into his arms. 

Ragna and her friend stood up to follow, but he told them that he'd take care of her and that they should just enjoy the party. Lynn silently tagged along. 

Blaze quickly took Siofra outside and set her down in the garden, hoping that the fresh air would do her some good. However, as soon as she was out of his hands, she rushed to a nearby shrub and began to retch. Blaze went up to her side and patted her back while holding up her hair with his other hand. 

As Siofra continued to empty the contents of her stomach into the bush some of the splatter reached his clothes. He didn't mind. He glanced at Lynn. "See, I do this because I love her," he told her. "Not because I feel it's my duty as a friend or a sibling. That's what gives it meaning. I do this because I like her so much that I cannot let her suffer by herself. My love for her is freely given. There are no other clauses." 

"I have no doubt about that. But think about the other side of this incident. It was desire that led Siofra to this state. Moral duties prevent situations that could've been avoided." 

"Oh, come on. She was just having fun. She didn't want to be sick." 

"That's the thing, Blaze. Most angels don't <em>intend</em> to harm themselves or others, but simply blindly follow their desires and it leads to unwanted results. Maybe not for you, but surely for the society. Blindly following duties may also lead to such results, but having a framework helps in controlling the outcomes." 

"At the expense of moral freedom. What about-" 

"Can you two stop your blathering about the damned morality of my drinking habits?" Siofra interjected. "My head is splitting. Take me to a bed first and you two can quibble over my actions later," she said, wiping her mouth against her sleeve. 

"Sorry, Siof. Will you fly or do you need a lift?" 

"If I could fly, I would've already flown away from you two pricks." 

"You can go back to the party," Blaze told Lynn, once again picking up Siofra and cradling her in his arms. 

"I have no moral obligation to attend the party and I'd rather hang out with you," she joked. 

After informing Ragna, the three angels headed back to Fulla's mansion. Siofra's head lolled onto his chest and she quickly fell asleep. She may have blacked out, but Blaze had no way to confirm it. 

*** 

Blaze found Fulla, Jie Er, and Rebecca lounging around a campfire in the fields outside the mansion. They were lazing around and gazing at the stars, eating mutton chops and drinking mead. 

"Just drunk," he gave them a quick explanation about Siofra's state, before taking her inside. Making sure that she was comfortable on her bed, he pulled the covers over her and placed a bottle of water by her bedside. 

"You're a good sister," Lynn told him. "I've always wanted a sibling." 

"So, did I. However, I think Siofra has filled that void for me these past few months. And, I get the feeling that she pretty much considers me a pixie at this point." 

Lynn laughed. "You do behave like a pixie." 

"Let's go for a fly," Blaze said suddenly, taking Lynn's hand. 

He manifested his wings inside the room and opened the large, arched wooden windows of their room. The mansion was modeled in a Vaikunheim fashion, but the windows were made for Aranyan weather. He pulled Lynn and picked her up in a princess carry, before jumping off and soaring up into the night sky. 

It was a cloudless night, but the stars sparkled like diamonds, while the town gave out a serene, halo-like glow. The muggy sea breeze brought a comfortable warmth to the cold skies. It made their clothes and feathers damp, but neither of them seemed to care. 

"Tell me more about why you like horses more than Pegasi?" 

"Don't know," Lynn shrugged her shoulders. "They give me a sense of absolute freedom. Though they cannot fly, it never feels like they even want to. They just run wherever they want. And when they run, it feels like they are one with nature. The Pegasi are too trained and too proud to have the freedom of a horse." 

"Can horses run faster than Pegasi?" 

"Of course. There are very few land animals that can outrun a horse. Pegasi can fly faster than a horse can run, though." 

"You should take me horse riding sometime." 

"I'd love that. Our mansion at D'warka has thirty horses." 

They flew around in carefree conversation for a while, but the night had to end, and Blaze couldn't fly forever. 

"Would you like to have dinner with me in town tomorrow?" he asked her as he descended. 

"I can't. I have some work tomorrow, but we can hang out before dinner." 

"Oh. It's fine if you're busy," he said, unsure if he had been rejected. 

"Let's meet at five in the evening. I shall wait for you by the town hall," she told him, sweeping away his insecurity. 

"Okay." 

He landed in front of Fulla's mansion and set her down. 

Lynn smiled at him and stepped back, manifesting a pair of beautiful silver wings. They seemed to shine in the dark and under the moonlight, they seemed like they were made of star material. 

"See you tomorrow," she said, and took off. 

Blaze watched her form until it disappeared into the town. When he went back to his and Siofra's room, the pixie woke up to his presence. 

"Did ya kiss her?" she asked him with a groggy grin. 

"What? No! We aren't like that," he denied, and Siofra's grin got wider. She saw the heat rising in his cheeks. "Go to sleep, you drunk pixie," he told her, before hiding inside his covers. 

*** 

That night, Blaze had a strange dream. He stood gazing down the steep edge of an alpine cliff that was high enough to give vertigo to most angels. 

"Daddy," he heard a fearful little voice that tinkled like a wind chime in a spring breeze. Two dainty little hands clutched his right hand. 

He glanced down and found himself staring at an explosion of orange, red, and silvery-golden hair. The long-flowing hair started out as golden-silver before slowly turning orange and then red towards the tips that reached her ankles. 

The little girl's head barely reached his elbows. 

"Daddy, I am not sure about this," she said, looking up and peering at him with big, brilliant blue eyes. They were cute and slightly downturned, and Blaze found himself getting lost in them. Her gently rising ginger brows were currently scrunched, and her long lashes fluttered with innocence. 

Her face was a gently curving oval and her nose was small and cutely rounded. 

Though she seemed young, she looked a little short to be an angel. However, when he glanced at his feet, he realized his mistake. He was taller. Much taller. Realization struck him like a waterfall. 

<em>Fuck no!</em> he screamed in his head. <em>He wasn't ready to be no one's father.</em> His instinct was to pull away his hand and flee, but his hand did no such thing. Instead, his grip on her hand tightened. As if he wanted to comfort her. 

"It will be alright, dear," he heard himself speak. His voice was deeper than he was used to. 

He felt his wings sprout from his back and unfold. Glancing back, he found them larger, wider, and grander. There was also a strange sensation of something wanting to burst out of his lower back and ankles, but the older Blaze chose to curb that feeling. 

"Your wings are always so beautiful," the girl whispered, raising a hand and feeling his feathers. 

<em>Awesome, not beautiful!</em> Blaze corrected her, but the same words did not flow out of his mouth. "Your wings are much more beautiful than mine, dear," he said, gently brushing the hair atop her head. It felt smooth and fluffy. "I can't even imagine how they'd look once they grow bigger." 

The girl nodded and peered over the cliff again. "Dad, I am not sure about this," she told him seriously, like a grown-up. "Why can't we do this the normal way? Slowly and one step at a time..." 

"<em>Nova</em>, do you know what happens when a skeleton goes skydiving?" he asked her. 

"What?!" 

"It doesn't come back down in one piece." 

Blaze wanted to face-palm himself but couldn't. <em>Oh god! He has dad jokes too.</em> 

However, the girl burst out laughing. <em>Tell him he sucks, girl. I shall disown you if you don't.</em> 

The older Blaze suddenly grabbed his daughter and jumped off the cliff. A shrill scream tore through the skies as the two angels plummeted. <em>At least some things haven't changed,</em> younger Blaze approved. 

The girl wrapped her limbs around him and clutched him with all her might. It brought an incredible warmth to Blaze's heart and melted it. Two brilliant wings of gold and white, as large as the twenty-year-old Blaze's, sprouted from the girl's back. 

"Flap your wings, dear," the older Blaze whispered in her ear, using his wings only to slow their descent. 

The girl flapped and Blaze felt the pull against gravity. They slowed and gently came to a halt as Nova rapidly beat her wings. 

Still clutching him, she looked at him with angry eyes. 

"Oi! Wake up!" Siofra's voice brought Blaze back to reality. 

Opening his eyes, he found himself hugging Siofra just like he had been hugging Nova. <em>Nova! That's a good name</em>. 

"Lemme go, you big oaf," Siofra groaned from his chest. 

Blaze only tightened his grasp and nuzzled his chin against her bushy orange head. "Nope. You're irresistibly cuddly," he told her. 

Her hair was similar to Nova's, but he was sure she wasn't her mother. His affection towards Siofra was too much like a brother's. 

He had an inkling about who the mother of Nova was in his dream. But for all he knew, Nova could simply be his own. Maybe he had the ability to grow a stiff wing like the rest of the angels. He wasn't sure how this angel body of his worked. The only thing he knew for sure was that if he ever had a daughter, he would name her Nova. 

Siofra stopped struggling and hugged him back. His arms felt different than usual. 

*** 

Later that morning, Blaze asked Jie Er's permission to go out again that evening. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Any particular reason?" 

"She's in love, apparently," Siofra answered for him. 

"I met Lynn, again," he explained to Jie Er. "And no, I don't love her," he pointedly told Siofra. 

"Oh yeah?" Siofra asked him sarcastically. "I guess I was dreaming of you singing, ~<em>Are we really in love, or dazed and confused,</em> in your sleep," she sang in a squeaky grating voice. Siofra was terrible at singing. "There was also something about taking a walk on the clouds and falling asleep on the moon." 

"Yep. Definitely a dream. Those dumb lyrics can't be mine," he denied categorically, but he couldn't hide the embarrassment on his face. 

"It's alright, Blaze Er," Jie Er told him kindly. "That's how you are supposed to feel. Go meet her again. One less day of training won't do you any harm. Just don't repeat Siofra's performance from last night." 

The rest of the day was spent in rigorous training. However, Blaze couldn't concentrate. His thoughts ran wild and butterflies filled his stomach. 

Later that evening, as he headed out at around half-past-five in the evening, Siofra screamed at his departing form. "Make sure you don't faint when she kisses you! I won't be around to catch you!" 

<em>Just wait until I meet the pixie princess, you pesky pixie.</em> 

*** 

Blaze found Lynn at the town center, dressed in a black skirt, a sleeveless white top, and a black fedora. Hundreds of angels bustled around the marketplace, but her pretty figure was distinguishable even from a thousand feet in the air. He dearly wished to see her without her disguise. 

She spotted him in the sky and flew up to meet him in mid-air. 

"Do you want to soar around the Uluru Pena? I hear the sunset from there is magnificent," he asked. Once again, there were no clouds in the sky. 

"That would be amazing, but I called you out for something else," she said, taking his hand and leading him to a ledge against the top floor of the town hall. A couple of stone centaurs placed on either side of the ledge peered down at the crowds below. The duo sat between the sculptures and gazed at the sunset before Lynn began speaking. 

"I am sure you've wondered about all the subterfuge I involve myself in," she said, glancing down at her knees and gently rocking back and forth. 

"Obviously." 

"You can say that I am a spy of sorts," she muttered softly. 

"Is this a joke?" 

"No." 

Blaze observed her face. He couldn't say that he was completely surprised. "Who are you spying on?" 

"A very bad group of Malakim." 

Blaze raised a skeptical eyebrow. Her words sounded like the perfect trap for him. "Who do you work for?" he asked. 

"I can't tell you right now, but I can assure you that this is not some elaborate ploy to get to you. Our meeting here was a mere coincidence." 

"Then why did you mention it?" 

"To be honest, I am not quite sure," she shook head. "I have a mission tonight, and I will be leaving after that." 

She fell silent for a few moments before turning and looking into his eyes. As usual, he couldn't look away. "I guess I wanted to spend a little more time with you. Take you along on my mission if you're willing. I could use your help." 

Blaze narrowed his eyes at her. She seemed quite flustered and her cheeks were red like she was asking him on a date, and not a potentially dangerous assignment. Nothing about the whole thing made any sense. "Do you realize how insane you sound?" he finally asked her. 

"Yes." 

Blaze sighed. "Even if you are indeed a spy, why would you think that I would believe any of this?" 

"I don't know!" she sighed, shuffling uncomfortably. "I just thought you would." 

<em>Oh God! This sounds like such a honey trap.</em> But he couldn't say an outright no to her and to her <em>Hela damned</em> eyes. 

"I promise you won't be in any danger," she continued. "My people are powerful, and they will be watching from outside. All we have to do is sneak into the mayor's mansion and steal a ledger. 

Even if you don't believe in my people, the mayor's group will never hurt you if you reveal that you are the Blazing Fury. You can just say that you were misled by me. In fact, they will probably let you go with a warning and use the incident to make you owe them one," she explained in a hurry. "I- 

"Wait," Blaze raised his hand. "I have no idea what's going on here. Explain it to me. Why are we stealing from the mayor? She doesn't sound half bad if all she does on catching a spy is letting them go with a warning." 

"Sorry. Let me try again. I've never done this before," she said, calming down. 

She slowly explained to him about the group she was working against. The mayor was a high-ranking member of the Malakim, but more importantly, she was also a member of an underground group called The Princeps. Their ideology was that power was not a means to an end, but the end itself. They did anything to gain power, and their members were entrenched in all strata of Azra-El's societies and queendoms. 

"Why would I not be in any danger from such people?" Blaze asked after hearing about some of their tales of murder and deceit. 

"Because you will be a means to more power." 

"Ok... Another question. How are they any different from... let's say, the Malakim? I've heard of the Grey Ones offing people who opposed the Malakim," he asked. Things were proceeding too fast and his mind couldn't process all the information that was suddenly dumped on him. 

"Very different. The Malakim at least believe that they are working towards a better future. Power is just a tool for the final goal. The Princeps only care for themselves and controlling the lives of the angels around them," she explained with a venom in her voice that was not lost on Blaze. 

"How can they remain in power with such an ideology? Wouldn't most of them become tainted?" he asked. Tainted wings were easy to spot once they were materialized. Even the Malakim did not give their Grey Ones any public positions of power. All the powerful Grey Ones worked from the shadows. 

"They seem to have invented a concoction that helps with that. We managed to obtain some of it and tested it out. It works, but we can neither figure out how it is made nor find out who makes it. That's why we need the ledger. We may be able to trace out the supply chain." 

"So, they can make any tainted angel untainted?" 

"No. The stuff we found is not that strong, but the Princeps probably have a stronger version." 

"This sounds extremely important," Blaze shook his head. "Why is your group making <em>us</em> do this?" 

"Because we will be the least conspicuous. The mayor's daughter is hosting a meeting for the Young Malakim Cadet Association. It is just a veneer for the initiation ceremony that The Princeps will be conducting inside mansion. We will be able to attend the YMCA meeting whilst pretending to be young Malakim. The mayor's daughter, Clara, already knows me as one. The hard part will be to sneak into the mayor's office and search for the ledger." 

"I am not trying to be conceited, but you know that this whole thing still sounds like an elaborate trap designed to lure me in, right?" Blaze asked her frankly. 

"You're right," she replied and fell silent. 

Blaze looked at Lynn with disbelief. He was reckless but he would never do something as stupid as Lynn was suggesting. However, he remembered Jie Er telling him that he should spend time with his potential Kindred. 

He was pretty sure Jie Er's words did not apply to going on a random spy mission and putting himself at mortal risk, but when he looked at Lynn's somewhat forlorn figure, he could only take one decision. 

"What the heck," he finally said. "Let's do it. I've been keeping away from trouble for far too long. It's bad for my image," he said, manifesting his wings. He quickly reached for Lynn's fedora and took it before jumping off the ledge. 

Hovering in the air, he adjusted the fedora on his own head and said, "But you have to prove to me that the mayor is indeed bad. Otherwise, I will just make a big fuss and prevent you from stealing anything." 

He glanced back and found Lynn smiling at him. "I think it looks good on you," she said, pulling out her straw hat from the previous night to replace the vacancy left by the fedora. 

*** 

"Just let me do the talking," Lynn warned, before they landed and approached the guard in front of the mayor's mansion. 

"We're here for the YMCA meeting," she informed the guard. 

"Please inform the young mistress or the butler. You'll find them in the garden on the left," the guard said after giving them a once over. 

"M'lady," Blaze tipped his hat at the guard and followed Lynn into the mansion grounds. He couldn't say he wasn't excited. 

The security around the mansion seemed lax, but it was possible that it was just a facade. The two found around twenty to thirty young angels gathered around the garden. The space was a well-kept lawn surrounded by oaks and citrus trees. 

The weather was sunny and warm, and it seemed like the angels were simply enjoying themselves, drinking fizzy mocktails and discussing mundane things. 

"Lynn! You came!" he heard a familiar voice. Clara, the mayor's daughter, approached them with a huge smile on her face. "And you brought the Blazing Furies fan along!" she said, noticing Blaze. 

"Yes. She is considering joining the Malakim. I thought it would be nice to let her hang out with us before she officially joins. Do you mind?" 

"Oh, not all. It just surprises me that a fan of Blaze Er Lokra wants to join the Malakim," she said. 

Lynn started to say something but Blaze interjected. "We are all Aranyans, aren't we? I will obviously support Blaze in the tournament. I have great respect for how she stood up against a Malakim chosen, and she is only twenty!" he said, tooting his own horn. "Besides, I hear that the Malakim are hoping to bring her into the society at some point." 

"I know, right? That's exactly how I think. I think I am already fond of you Ms. Rachel. Feel free to mingle amongst the guests and talk. They are all really nice," she said. "By the way, that's a lovely fedora. It looks good on you," she told him before leaving. 

"This is mines now," he grinned at Lynn, tipping his hat at her. 

Lynn waited for Clara to be out of earshot. "Ok, Blaze, we need to find a way to get inside the mansion," she said, trying to sound casual. There were plenty of angels around them, but no one paid particular attention to their conversation. 

"Do you know where we can find the ledger?" 

"No. If we did, we would've sent a thief. The plan is to search the mayor's office and her bedroom. The mayor will be busy with the ceremony and I will be able to deal with any lone guards under the archangel level." 

Blaze wasn't surprised. If Lynn was a spy, she probably had her methods. <em>Or gadgets?</em> 

"Ok, then let's get a few drinks and walk around pretending to be in a deep conversation. We need to figure out our entry points," he said, pointing at the punch table to the side of the lawn. 

"I've already scouted the place. There are plenty of entry points, but we can only use the main entrances and find a legitimate reason to walk inside. There are too many eyes on the mansion and the risk of us getting caught is high if we try to sneak in," she said, as they walked towards the table. 

"Otine juice or spiked cranberry cider?" asked the angel serving the drinks. Rows of silver goblets and two pitchers full of drinks sat on the table. 

Blaze picked up a goblet and pointed towards the cider. He made the angel pour it to the brim before downing it all in one go. He asked for another filling before repeating the same. 

"I didn't get a chance to drink last night -- was taking care of my sister," he explained to the flabbergasted server, extending his cup for another fill. 

The server gave him a little smile of understanding and filled his cup again. "You won't be getting another for a while," she warned him. 

"I thought you would've learned your lesson after what happened with Siofra," Lynn said to him as they walked away from the table with two goblets full of cider. 

"Don't worry, I have a good resistance to alcohol." 

"That's not what I heard about your little incident with Marquess Astrid at Sekat..." 

"The Hela! Why does everyone seem to know about that?" he asked exasperated. Priscilla had mentioned it as well. 

"Well, I am a spy. It's my job to know these things. Besides, it's a widely discussed topic among the Aranyan nobility. Especially since most of them know that Astrid is a Malakim and you are, well, The Blazing Fury. It reminds them the tale of Liliana and Bhramar." 

Blaze rolled his eyes and sighed. The tale of Liliana and Bhramar was an Azra-El version of Romeo and Juliet. He was no Romeo and Astrid was no Juliet. "Whatever. I can handle a few drinks. I am only drinking because people pay less attention to a drunkard aimlessly wandering around. You should do the same." 

They walked to the shade of a nearby tree and leaned against it, watching the angels converse around them. The YMCA meeting was more akin to a late afternoon tea party rather than a conglomeration of evil masterminds. 

"I don't usually like to drink," Lynn said softly, taking a tiny sip from her mug. 

"Any particular reason?" 

"It's a bad habit, and I don't like the feeling of losing control." 

"I guess I understand that," he nodded. It wasn't like he was exceptionally fond of drinking. "Anyway, these angels don't really look like they are up to something." 

"No. Of course not. They are just young angels hoping to join the Malakim. I don't think any of them, except Clara, know about the Princeps ceremony." 

The two stayed under the tree for a few minutes before they began to wander. Lynn introduced him to a couple of angels she knew at the party. She had been at Riverbridge for a couple of weeks, building up connections. They spoke and flitted around while Blaze got himself another couple of drinks, much to the annoyance of the server. 

Slowly, they began to inch away from the premises of the garden. 

"My main problem with the concept of duty," he said as they walked along the paved pavement perpendicular to the mansion and leading to the west -- they didn't want to make it obvious that they were beelining for mansion, "is that it dampens the capacity of people to judge for themselves." 

"Is that such a bad thing?" Lynn responded, her eyes turning wistful for a moment. "Wouldn't that be rather freeing? Especially when you can trust that everyone else is following the same duties that you believe in." 

"Er... No. Well, maybe," he pondered. "I guess I can see that. But that's in an ideal situation. How can you prevent angels like The Princeps from misusing people's blind trust? Isn't that what happened with most of the expansionist empires? A lot of their soldiers kept fighting wars only based on an undeserved sense of duty towards their corrupt queens, even when they clearly saw that they were invading well-functioning, happy queendoms. Besides, where do duties sprout from? They all have premises in emotion and logic, don't they?" 

"I am not supporting a blind adherence to duty ..." 

The conversation continued for a while as Blaze and Lynn discussed ideal societies, corruption, intricacies and variables involved in various forms of government, codes of ethics, and discrimination. Their views turned out to be quite different, though both wished for the welfare of the society. 

Slowly, the two made their way towards the mansion's back entrance. They found an older angel guarding the entrance, but before they could decide on what to do, Clara popped up behind them. 

"What are you two doing all the way here?" she asked with a wide smile. However, Blaze noted a hint of suspicion in her voice. 

"Oh my!" Lynn exclaimed, looking around their surroundings. "We were discussing Vita's treatise on ethics and didn't even realize that we had walked this far." 

"Oh?" 

"Well," Blaze interjected. "I was also talking about the Blazing Furies clothing collection. I have the whole of their latest collection here in my space ring, but Lynn doesn't want to try them out." 

Agatha had sent clothes to be distributed amongst his classmates. 

"Really?" Clara suddenly seemed excited. "The latest collection from Varan? Can we try them out together?" 

"Sure. I can't sell them to you, but I don't see why you can't try them out," he said, unable to help a lewd smile from sprouting on his face. 

"Fantastic! Let's head to my room pronto." 

Lynn looked at Blaze in disbelief. It had been too easy. He gave her a smug grin and followed Clara into the building. However, contrary to Blaze and Lynn's expectations, the mansion was quiet. Except for the noise coming from the kitchens and an occasional servant running in and out of the building, there were no signs of a ceremony of any sort. 

Clara led them to her room on the second floor. It was clean and quite ordinary for a mayor's daughter. A bookshelf and a wardrobe stood against the left wall while the other walls displayed individual paintings of a hilltop monastery, a deserted fort, and a lush green valley. The only thing odd about them was the absence of mobile life. However, that didn't strike Blaze as exceptionally odd. They were still beautiful pieces of artwork. 

"Let me show you what I have as well," Clara said cheerfully, closing her door and heading towards her wooden closet. Her bookshelf was right beside it and a banner hung over it from the wall -- 'Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination' 

Intrigued, Blaze began to walk towards the bookshelf. However, a sudden pop made him pause. Clara froze in her tracks and Blaze noticed a tiny, dart shaped thing sticking out from the back of neck. She stood still for a few moments before flopping down to the carpet. 

He turned to Lynn and found her holding a weapon that looked like a cross between a crossbow and a shotgun. A second dart was already sitting in the groove and ready to be shot. 

"This can shoot twice without reloading. Just know that I could've shot you as well." 

Glancing at the fallen Clara, Blaze narrowed his eyes at Lynn. However, the spy relaxed her posture and put the weapon back in her space ring. "Don't worry. She is just unconscious. Help me move her to the bed," she said, walking up to Clara's body. 

Blaze was disappointed for multiple reasons. However, he decided to go along with Lynn for now. 

"Don't think I am not gonna raise a hue if I don't find proof that these are bad people. I can also take you out, if I really want to," he warned her as they lay Clara on her bed and covered her with a blanket. She seemed peacefully asleep. The initial expression of surprise appeared to have relaxed. 

"I know," Lynn nodded. "We just have to find the ledger and the ceremony. My people were sure about a ceremony taking place. Didn't you spot the adult angels flying towards the mansion, earlier? They can't all be staff. Maybe there is a dungeon or hidden room we are not aware of." 

"Let's get going then," he said, suddenly wishing to get to the bottom of things as soon as possible. He didn't want to fall deeper into this mess without truly understanding the situation, but his only other choice now was to leave Lynn and fly away. However, that wasn't an option. 

"Not before we search her room. Don't think Clara is a naÃ¯ve, harmless angel." 

Blaze only had to think of Astrid to give credence to that theory. 

They quickly went through her shelves and books, but they found nothing of interest, except for the philosophy books that seemed a little advanced for a casual reader. 

Even her diary, hidden under her mattress, did not have any culpable comments. Her latest entry was 'Ragna's new friend interesting'. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
"What now?" Blaze asked. 

"We just have to explore more rooms until we get lucky or get caught. If we're caught, I have a way to notify my people. They will swarm this place before the Princeps can do anything to us. But in case things go wrong, just remember to tell them that you were coerced to do this," Lynn said, trying to soothe his nerves. They had after all assaulted the mayor's daughter for no good reason. 

Blaze gave her a grim nod and walked to the door. He opened it slightly and peeped through the crack. Making sure there wasn't anyone around, he stepped out. Lynn wordlessly followed him and closed the door behind her. 

The second floor had six rooms. The left wing comprised of Clara's room and two others. The mayor's chambers occupied the entire right wing, and two guest rooms lay at the front and back of the second floor. 

The duo started their search at the front facing guest room and moved anticlockwise. The first guest room was clean and possessed only essential furniture, so they went through it quickly. The next room was the butler's room, which was somewhat of an organized mess. They had to dig through a multitude of books, shelves, and doodads that were neatly arranged but without any meaningful order. However, the only thing of interest in her room were a set of smoothly polished toy vegetables arranged in a glass display-- the carrot and cucumber looked especially well made. 

The other room beside Clara's was a storage room. All it contained was old and unused furniture. After spending twenty fruitless minutes going through the dusty room, Blaze began to feel a bit edgy. 

He marched towards the other guest room towards the back end of the house and opened it without knocking. 

He suddenly found himself facing two completely naked angels lying on top of each other on a massive bed. The bottom, flaxen-haired angel, was lying on her back with her legs spread wide open and moaning towards the ceiling. A long-legged, pink-haired angel was crouched over her on all fours, sucking on the other angel's breast and grinding her pussy against her knee. Her fingers rapidly dug in and out of the flaxen angel's cunt. 

Noticing their presence, the two fornicating angels paused to look. There was neither embarrassment nor fear in their eyes. They just looked at Blaze and Lynn like they expected them to say something. 

"I apologize for the intrusion," Lynn said, stepping beside a stunned Blaze. "We are Clara's friends and we mistook our guest room. Ours must be the one on the opposite side." 

The two angels nodded and glanced at Blaze's befuddled expression. They glanced at each other and broke out into chuckles. The pink-haired angel beckoned him towards them. 

Blaze began to step forwards, but Lynn pulled him back. "Sorry, we have to settle in and meet up with Clara. We shall see you later," she said, hurriedly stepping out with Blaze and closing the door behind them. 

Blaze heard their laughter as the two hurried away from the room. He looked at Lynn and found that her pale face had turned as red as a tomato. 

"Do you know what those two were doing?" he asked her innocently. He had always believed that there were angels who had explored the pleasures of flesh, but he had not expected to run into angels who were so openly sexual. 

"Yes. It's a type of pleasure giving massage, inspired from the nation of Kamikoku." 

"Oh... You don't approve?" he asked, noticing the tone of her voice. 

"I just think it should be reserved between angels that are really close to one another." 

The two reached the mayor's room. Lynn quietly opened it and peered in to make sure no one was inside. They quickly stepped in and closed the door behind them. 

The room was a lavish, crescent-shaped space with a jacuzzi to the right and a large bed of carved rosewood in the middle. To the right of the room, near the window, was a large desk and a hand-carved, cushioned, mahogany chair. 

The window curtains of the room were drawn, and the room was dimly lit. 

"Why?" Blaze asked her. 

Lynn glanced at him and shook her head. "You wouldn't understand, yet. If you do it with any random angel you come across, it becomes debauchery... Forget about it. Let's just find the ledger and get out of here." 

Blaze understood Lynn's perspective. The word 'debauchery' amongst angels was used to mean excessive indulgence. To angels it could apply to anything -- alcohol, food, procrastination etc. 

<em>At least she doesn't feel it's entirely bad,</em> he thought as he walked towards the bookshelves while Lynn headed to the mayor's desk. 

The two combed through the room but they didn't come across any ledgers, expect for a few related to the town's and the household's expenses. 

"Ugh! Where is it?!" Lynn cried, flopping down on the mayor's bed and showing frustration for the first time. 

"Maybe your people made a mistake. It happens," Blaze tried to console her. It seemed like she really believed that mayor was involved in something nefarious. 

"I just don't understand where those adult angels we saw flying towards the mansion have disappeared to. They surely didn't look like servants or caterers," she complained to the ceiling. 

Blaze shrugged his shoulders and began to look at the painting on the western wall. It was a massive nine-by-six-foot, framed, painting of a picturesque landscape. A quaint village sat between a couple of green hills and overlooked a river that flowed between them. Every detail was wonderfully depicted, down to the last bit of grass swaying in the wind. However, unlike the paintings in Clara's room, this painting contained a couple of angels soaring towards the sun. 

Blaze stood staring at the painting for a minute, before noticing a switch underneath it. 

On a whim, he walked to the painting and turned it on. The painting suddenly lit up with lights that seemed to be placed behind the canvas. It was so bright that Blaze closed his eyes in discomfort. 

"That is quite novel," Lynn exclaimed. 

Blaze looked back at her and found her staring at the shadow of the canvas that was cast on the black granite floor of the room. It was like a projector, projecting its image against a black screen. 

Blaze moved out of the way to get rid of his shadow and appreciate the painting. However, he had a sudden spark. He remembered the light trick used to open the tunnel at the Agrasen Baoli. 

He walked back to the painting and touched the two angels on the canvas. As expected, they didn't belong, and he was able to peel them off. However, nothing happened even after he removed them. He glanced back at the projection and found his shadow in the picture. 

He ducked down under the painting. 

The grinding of gears reverberated from within the walls and the tall bookshelf, a few feet away from the painting, split in two to open outwards like two doors. 

The two angels looked at each other and scurried over without obstructing the projection. The back of the bookcase led into a dark and narrow staircase spiraling down into unknown depths. 

"Blaze," Lynn whispered. "You should leave. This seems a bit dangerous. Don't worry about Clara. She won't remember much. Just pretend that you left the party after you got drunk." 

"What about you? 

"I am going into the dungeon." 

"Then I am coming along." 

"Blaze..." 

"<em>Leave no angel behind</em> happens to be one of my mottos," he joked and stepped into the darkness. 

Lynn nervously bit her lip and followed him, leaving the bookshelf entrance open. "Remember," she told him as they fumbled down the dank and dark stairwell. "If we are caught, you don't know anything about the Princeps. Tell them I convinced you that this was a game." 

After descending two flights of stairs, the stairwell suddenly grew wider and light from below began to illuminate their steps. Three more flights of stairs later, they found themselves in a long corridor, lit by energy stone wall candelabra. It was empty but they heard the whisper of voices drifting from afar. 

Two rows of doors lay on either side of the corridor, and they tried opening each of them as they walked along, only to find that they were all locked. It was unusual for angels to have so many locked doors. 

The hum of voices kept getting louder, and soon, the duo reached a wide circular intersection. The din of conversation burst forth as the two stepped out of the tunnel. They quickly ducked down to the level of the partition wall that separated their level from the hall. Two spiral staircases on the left and right led down to the lower floor. 

Crawling over to the partition, the two peered over its edge. In the hall below were a group of fifteen angels in varying stages of undress. Most were in casual conversation, but two angels in open breasted corsets were sitting on top of each other in a chair and going at each other's mouths like starving succubae. 

On the opposite side of the hall was a circular platform on which two angels stood in conversation. Behind them, on a pulpit, was a worn, bound book that was spread open. One side of it was filled with entries while the other was empty. Above it, against the wall, were two large banners one above the other -- 'Power is not given. It is taken.' 'The Riverbridge branch of the Princeps welcomes its newest member' 

Blaze could finally acknowledge the existence of the group, but except for their secrecy and lurid behavior, he could not confirm that they were bad. He only had Lynn's words to go by. 

The pink-haired angel on the stand suddenly nodded to the angel beside her and stepped up before clearing her throat for attention. The hall fell silent. 

"I apologize for the delay. It seems like my daughter has been caught up in her little party. You know how tediously attentive one has to be in these things," she said to her audience and a wave of chuckles went around. "So, let's get on with our business for the day. Kama, Rati, if you two don't mind. You are free to use one of my guest rooms," she said to the two kissing angels. 

Another wave of laughter went around and the angels in half-corsets finally stopped snogging. However, they did not get off each other's laps. 

"Firstly, I would like to welcome Nicola Borgia to the Princeps," she declared to a round of applause. "If anyone has an objection, speak now." 

The mayor glanced around for confirmation before turning to Nicola and shaking her hand; the applause continued. She led Nicola to the podium and the book to enter her name and get her signature. 

"We need to get that book," Lynn whispered to Blaze. 

"I thought you were looking for a ledger. That just looks like a membership book." 

"It's better than nothing. Besides, we may get some useful names off it." 

"I am still not completely convinced that they are bad angels," he raised his main issue. 

Lynn took his hand and looked into his eyes. "Do you trust me?" 

<em>Not really</em>, he wanted to say, but he couldn't say no to those eyes. Over the course of the two evenings he had spent with her, he confirmed that there was no spell or charm involved -- he just loved her eyes. 

"Even if I trust you, how do you plan on getting the book? It's probably going to go right back into the mayor's space ring any moment now." 

"I need you to provide me with a distraction. I will try to steal it when they aren't looking." 

"Ugh. What then? You don't suppose they will just let us walk out after that," he asked her wryly. He had plenty of ways to offer a distraction but getting out was out of his abilities. 

Lynn took out a VP and activated it. "We are ready for extraction. There is an entrance in the mayor's bedroom. Fifteen Princeps in sight," she whispered into it. 

"Message received. We will be there in five," spoke the VP. 

"We've got five," Lynn smiled at him. 

"If your group is so powerful, why don't we just wait for them?" Blaze asked the obvious. 

"Because the first thing the mayor will do is destroy the evidence. You need to distract them until I can sneak behind and put the book in my space ring. I can hold it until backup arrives." 

Blaze sighed and nodded. He knew he was doing something ridiculous and stupid, but he was in too deep to pull out. "If something happens to me, it's on you." 

"I know," Lynn replied seriously. "You are my responsibility. I won't let anything happen to you." 

Watching her narrowed eyes and pursed lips, Blaze had a sudden urge to do something cheeky. "Hmm... Since I am doing this for you, I need proper recompense," he told her mischievously. 

"What do you want?" 

"This," he said, leaning forward and planting tiny peck on her lips. Lynn's eyes widened in surprise, but before she could process his actions, he stood up. 

Red in the face, he cleared his throat and smacked his hand on the balustrade, garnering attention from the angels below. Most of them seemed bewildered, except for the mayor who reached for her space ring. 

"Greetings, my lovely angels of the Princeps," he spoke grandly before suddenly bursting out his wings. "I AM THE BLAZING FURY!" he announced himself. 

His audience looked at him dumbfounded as he began walking towards the staircase on the left. 

"Who are you, child? Is this some convoluted attempt at humor?" the mayor asked him as he reached the stairs. 

"No. I may not look like myself because my hair has been dyed blonde, but I am Blaze Er Lokra. My age and my wings should prove that." 

It took only a moment for the Princeps to check his energy makeup and become convinced of his words. It was very unlikely for there to be another twenty-year-old angel with well-formed wings of red and white. Even if there was, they would've likely heard about her. 

"What do you want, child? And why are you here? This is a private meeting." 

"I have heard quite a number of interesting tales about your group. I've always believed them to be fictitious, but this past week has convinced me otherwise," he addressed the group, slowly strutting down the steps. "I've been talking with your pretty daughter. I seem to share many opinions with her and your group. 

"Simply put, I wish to join you. Don't you think we could help each other out? I need your power now and you will need mine in the future. Don't you think I will make an excellent addition?" 

The mayor was taken aback but she quickly recovered. "It would be an honor to add you to our peerage, Ms. Blaze. However, we follow a strict age limit. You must be at least a hundred before you can join us a squire. A hundred-and-fifty before you can become an official member. Besides, I think you may have certain misconceptions about what our group is about." 

The mayor's reply left Blaze a little strapped for words. He had not anticipated such a straightforward rejection. However, he had the attention of the angels and he needed to maintain it. Lynn had just managed to sneak past the stairs on the other side. 

"Isn't that quite an outdated view? I thought the Princeps would be more open than the rest of the societies. I can't say I am not a little disappointed," he shook his head. "Nonetheless, I believe we can figure out a way to be friends. Most of you are aware of my little tiff with the Malakim. I could use your help, and I am sure you can use mine in the future." 

"How exactly do you think we can help you Ms. Blaze?" the mayor asked skeptically. Nothing about his presence and speech made sense to any of the Princeps. 

"Power! You give me some of yours now and you can have mine when I am older and stronger. Think of it as an investment." 

The mayor and the angels laughed. "We do invest in power, Ms. Blaze, but the price we have to pay for you may not be a worthy investment. We can discuss this more, obviously, but can you tell me where my daughter is? Why are you here by yourself?" she asked him sedately. 

"Umm... She was feeling a little nauseous, so I told her to get some rest. She is in her room." 

<em>Crap! That wasn't very convincing.</em> His eyes subconsciously flicked towards Lynn who had reached the far end of the platform. The Princeps didn't miss it. 

Lynn darted towards the podium before anyone could react. Grabbing the book, she immediately tried to put it in her space ring. Nothing happened. 

Blaze was confused but Lynn wasn't. "Catch," she yelled, hurling the book up towards the entrance they came out from. 

Almost everyone in the room instinctively reacted but Blaze's wings were already out. With a massive heave that sent the nearby chairs tumbling, he sprang into the air, catching the book and landing on the parapet of the second floor. 

"RUN!" 

Blaze dematerialized his wings and dashed towards the exit. <em>What about you?</em> 

He grabbed the sides of the doorway to bring himself to a stop and turned around to see Lynn bringing out a red glassy object. He had only seen such objects only in books, but he knew what it was. 

"NO!" he screamed as he saw her smash the object down to the floor. Hearing his scream, she glanced up. Her eyes widened at his still-lingering presence. She started to say something, but her voice was drowned by an ear-splitting boom and a brilliant flash of light. Blaze instinctively closed his eyes, but the flash was bright even through his closed lids. 

The shockwave hit him first, sending him tumbling down the hallway. Twenty feet into the passage, his back collided against something soft. A pair of arms wrapped around him as he opened his eyes and saw orange flames surge out of the entryway. 

He steeled himself to face the flames but a translucent shimmering shield of white erupted in front of them. The flames raged against it for a few seconds before being sucked back into the hall. Air swooshed past them into the void caused by the explosion. 

Dazed, he kept gazing at the ruined archway and the charred walls of the passageway before him. His head began to feel a little woozy and he saw pieces of rubble tumble off the ceiling. The remains of the fedora he had swiped from Lynn lay smoldering in the middle of the passageway. 

A slim hand suddenly wrapped against the side of the doorway before Lynn pulled herself from the right. 

However, she was different. She had a breathing device over her nose and her hair was now silver and in a short bob-cut. Stepping over the rubble, she walked into the passage. 

"Lynn?" he asked, recognizing her purple eyes. However, he couldn't hear his own voice. 

Her lips moved as if she was talking, but he couldn't hear the words over the ringing in his ears. He could see that her eyes were on the person holding him. He tried looking up at the person, but his body felt heavy. He felt his consciousness fading and he willed his neck to tilt. 

A glimpse of her deep-set hazel eyes was all he could catch before his vision faded. 

oOoOo 

<strong>Nritti Edicts:</strong> (For those interested only.) 

<ol> <li> Happiness in the world is difficult to secure without great love of morality, careful examination of self, great obedience to superiors in thought, great fear of sin, and great energy for action. 

</li>

<li> To practice morality is meritorious; but what does morality include? Few sins, many virtuous deeds, compassion, liberality, truthfulness, and purity. 

</li>

<li> Angles regard only their virtuous deeds. They do not at all regard their evil deeds to the same magnitude. This very act is a sin. 

</li> </ol>

Now this is indeed difficult to recognize. But indeed, this ought to be regarded thus: these passions, viz. fierceness, cruelty, anger, pride, envy, are called sinful. Let us not ruin ourselves by these very passions. 

<ol start="4"> <li> I appoint the Loukas, who obey me, as the enforcers of my will. I have ordered that either rewards or punishments are left to their discretion, in order that they should perform duties confidently and fearlessly, that they should bestow welfare and happiness on the angels of the country, and that they should confer benefits on them. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
</li>

<li> Animals are inviolable without the intent of consumption. I declare the following animals completely inviolable: parrots, crows, Pegasi, horses ... and all the quadrupeds which are neither useful nor edible. 

</li>

<li> All sects, factions, societies, races, unnaturals, and all sentients, including my relatives, shall be treated equally, within reason, within the borders of my territories. I ... 

</li>

<li> The following services shall be rendered in my queendom for free or for a reasonable fee as stated by my law. 

</li> </ol>

Medical: ... 

Protective: ... 

Housing for the poor: ... 

Care for the disabled: ... 

<strong>Chapter End Note:</strong> To those who have realized certain mysteries in this and the previous chapter. Shh. Keep it quiet until the finale. 

I intended to post this a lot earlier, but I just couldn't be satisfied with Lynn and Blaze's scenes. I wanted to convey a cute but naÃ¯ve teenage romance between the two, without making it too childish. Tell me how successful or not I was. :P 

<strong>Dad scene:</strong> I've no idea of how it feels to be a father, nor do I see myself as one anytime soon, but I hope I did it some justice. The scene was slightly inspired by the song 'Birds' by Imagine Dragons (ikr, how can you image the awesomeness of a true dragon like <em>I</em>). 

<strong><em>Disclaimer:</em></strong> I don't own any of the songs in this chapter. I am not good enough to write songs. I may dabble at writing my own at times, but I doubt they're any good. The songs are 'Don't Stop Believin'' by Journey, and 'Life On Mars' by David Bowie. I like the Post-Modern Jukebox renditions of the two songs. 

Also, I've got nothing against the real YMCA. I just thought it was funny. I actually learnt martial arts at their center when I was a kid. Nice people. 

<strong>Response to Comments:</strong> 

<em>JBro123:</em> Maybe it's the dead Weasley twin reincarnated. Have you thought of that, huh? Haha. The Weasley twins were probably my favorite characters in the books. I began to dislike the three main characters after the third or fourth book. 

<em>Anonymous:</em> Hehehehe. 

<em>ReanimatorEcho</em>: 5+5 Azra-El points for you, my good sir. 

JpzAhren: I can't keep yours short, can I? I've read 49+1 shades as well. Honestly, I couldn't tell what the big deal about it was, except that it is very easy to read and sorta just flows. 

Oh yes, can't wait for some good times with the Djinn. But I don't think Blaze will get to do a Djinn until he is in the land of demons. Not that there are no Djinn amongst the angels. Let's see. 

I am not really sure where to fit Priscilla. I don't want her to be suddenly on Blaze's side for feeble reasons. And no, I am not going to make her absurdly powerful for no reason. There is already Elyssa, Blaze and Siofra. That's one too many gathering in one location. She will have her role in the story though. Just not completely sure yet. 

Love that quote about courage and fear. The apparition may never fully be explained :P, but of course there is more to the Agrasen Baoli. Not directly, but there is a reason for Blaze learning some of the words of the script. 

Haha. I am a lazy dragon myself. But I hope to make Blaze grow out of his laziness, if not for himself, then for others and for his goals which have yet to be formed. 

I hope you will like the Flyball matches in the next part of the story. 

PS: Glad you like Keane. May I suggest Snow Patrol, if you like Keane. 

PS2: Threesome with sneaky secretary and randy reporter? You know it's coming. Elise from lol is pretty hawt. 

<em>Finbar:</em> Was the ghost the headmistress or was it Alice? That mystery may remain unsolved. However, there are other things happening around it. Thank you for loving Priscilla's scene. I loved writing that. I don't want to reveal Blaze's secret until the end of the series but let's see. It's just a funny trope in my head at this point. The finale of this arc will reveal some things related to Blaze, though, and I am sure you will love it. 

MasterPD: Yes, Priscilla will continue to develop as a character. However, I am not sure how much screen time I will give her. Prissy may look into the truth, but she won't be figuring out anything soon. You must remember that she was scared out of her mind during that incident. Your other question will be answered soon. And thank you for being my fan. Honestly, every time someone says it, I am squealing with glee in my head. 

<em>Anon:</em> I regret nothing! Getting that song stuck in your head is well worth the -6. Muhahahaha. Further, can I suggest I'm Blue da ba dee da ba daa AND La Macarena. (Troll Face) 

<em>Anon:</em> Regarding sex scenes, read Q&amp;A 

<em>PokingDemon:</em> 5 points to you for getting that reference mate. Just curious, what do you poke? 

<em>Wankr65:</em> Everything is good mate. Just busy. Writing good material takes time, and I prefer quality over quantity. The attachments for the gauntlets will be after the tournament, but the gauntlets will be a more permanent tool for Blazey. Kindred. I wish I did too. 

<em>Ishtat:</em> I love the sound of your name. What does it mean? Jumbo Chinese radishes? Are you trying to kill Priscilla? 

Thank you to everyone else for posting uplifting comments. Keep doing so. 

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong> 

Q. Why are so many angels into philosophy? 

A. Philosophy was an essential part of education until recent history. It also makes sense to me that angels would be more interested in the subject than humans. 

Q. Are sex scenes required in every chapter? 

A. I guess not. But this is Literotica and I know for a fact that Dxp, my editor, is never satisfied with the number of sex scenes. I don't mind reducing their number, but I think there are plenty of people that want more. 

On the other hand, would you guys want me to drop in-chapter notices that will tell you if a sex scene is relevant to the story or not? That way, you could skip a scene if you don't want to read it. Maybe I could leave a gist that will allow you to get the summary of the scene, without having to read it all.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 18.2|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>Obligatory Warnings:</strong> 1. There is one long and titillating Astrid sex scene in this chapter. It gets a bit <em>intense</em> - courtesy of DrasticXplorer. 

2. There are two Flyball matches - the Flyball final is lengthy. I understand that some of you may not be interested in reading about the sport, but I suggest you at least try the final. It is full of feels. 

3. To those who are following the adventures of CapDragon, don't miss the side story at the end. 

<strong>Editors:</strong> Chris Anow aka Magnum, and Drastic Explorer. 

<strong>Special Thanks to:</strong> <em>BangDi, BramBora, David Valverde,</em> <em>Fips, Yamibomb,</em> <em>BLiz, Eliyahu Bogart, Mike Siegmund, Max Lambon, RogueXVII,</em> <em>Matt Miller,</em> <em>Curtis, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal, Will Shaddox</em> for supporting my work thus far. 

<strong>Character Descriptions</strong> (relevant to the chapter) 

<strong>Class 1A</strong> 

<strong><em>Aahna Maitreya</em></strong>: A cheerful, talkative and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the de facto class representative if Class 1A. She is a cute violet haired angel with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder length hair and is around 5'2. 

<strong><em>Bi</em></strong> <strong><em>Tru'ng</em></strong>: A lanky, black-haired unassuming girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6. She doesn't talk much and her initial shyness has turned into a silent confidence over the year, at least around her classmates. 

<strong><em>Rachel Arianrhod</em></strong>: She is a confident &amp; combative kid with boyish-short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. 

Her mother is a knight captain in the cloud nine regiment and thus she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She initially didn't like pixies but has grown used to Siofra. 

<strong><em>Kida</em></strong>: A black haired girl with Japanese features. She is a good batter in Flyball, and amazing at arts and crafts. She carved the toy Pegasi for Blaze that were used to terrify Badava. Of course, she didn't know what Blaze was going to use them for. 

<strong><em>Nina</em></strong>: A blonde ponytailed angel who is good at sports. She is a decent pitcher in Flyball and is quite good at Troinet. 

<strong><em>Afriel</em></strong><strong>:</strong> One of the Malakim seven of Class 1A. She dislikes the pixie but seems to have made up with her classmates. She is an amazing flyball pitcher. She has a pink, ponytail. 

<strong>Others</strong>: 

<strong><em>Tara Maitreya</em></strong><strong>:</strong> Aahna's mother. She has long greyish white hair and tawny colored skin. She looks like an older version of Aahna, but her calm and serene vibe contrasts her daughter. She is the Vice head of Vidisha, a large merchant guild. 

<strong><em>Tonya Falhoffnir:</em></strong> She has short light pink hair in a boy cut. She has strong angular features and piercing grey eyes, like her mother Claudis. Badava is her Pegasus, whom she has raised since hatching. 

Tonya doesn't think highly of Blaze because of his initial actions towards Badava. She has become friends with Siofra, over the breaks. 

<strong><em>Yulia Vasilek:</em></strong> Blaze's combat training teacher. She has shoulder length hair with bangs that cover her forehead. Her almond shaped eyes are a lime green and have a severe gaze that accentuate by her crescent like silver eyebrows. She has a long thin nose with a smooth curve in the middle. Her lips are heart shaped and pouty, and her face is small and round with a sharp chin. 

Though not the most entertaining teacher, she seems to care a lot about the growth of her students as she painstakingly takes the time to talk to each one of them and give them personalized advice. 

<strong>Flyball</strong>: I've described it before but here is the gist. 

Think of Flyball as a cross between baseball and cricket. There is a circular field with two poles in the middle, eighty feet apart (this distance can be varied when the game is played by younger angels or for fun). 

The batter bats at one pole and the pitcher throws from the other. There are two batters on the field at any moment. The ball can be hit in any direction and runs are made by running/flying between the poles while the ball is in play. 

A player can be caught out, run out, or 'poled'. 

<strong>Poled</strong>: The ball hits the pole between a five-foot-high marked region. This region is at a height of fifty feet during a flying Flyball game. For games played on the ground, it starts from ground level. 

<strong>Slam</strong>: When the ball soars out of the field. The field in a professional match is six hundred feet in diameter. A slam nets you 8 runs. 

<strong>Ground Slam</strong>: The ball bounces its way out of the field. Nets you 4 runs. 

<strong>Striker</strong>: The batter facing the pitch. 

<strong>Off-Striker</strong>: The batter waiting at the pitching pole. 

<strong>Single</strong>: 1 run. The striker and off-striker run/fly between the poles, switching their strike. 

<strong>Double</strong>: 2 runs. The striker and off-striker complete a round between the poles, bringing back the striker to face strike again. 

<strong>Round</strong>: A set of ten throws by a pitcher. The pitcher must switch after each round. The striker and off-striker also switch after each round. 

<strong>OverPitch</strong>: When the pitch is too high, too low, or too wide. Nets the batting team an extra run. 

<strong>Rules of Blaze's Flyball matches</strong> 

1. Forty-round match, with each team facing twenty rounds. So, each team has to pitch 200 pitches. 

2. Each individual pitcher can pitch a maximum of four rounds. Therefore, at least five players in the team must pitch in a game. 

3. A team's innings ends when the opposition has picked up 9 outs, or if they have pitched all 200 pitches, not counting overpitches. 

4. A ground-Flyball field is 500 feet in diameter. 

<strong>Flyball Common Fielding Positions</strong> 

Flyball grounds are circular and have an in-field (I) and an out-field (O). 

9 Fielders + 1 Pitcher. 

0 degrees (I) -- Keeper 

135 degrees (I) -- Right Shortstop 

215 degrees (I) -- Left Shortstop 

180 degrees (O) -- Center Fielder 

90-180 degrees (O) -- Right Fielder 

180-270 degrees (O) -- Left Fielder 

75 degrees (I/O) -- Right Cover 

315 degrees (I/O) -- Left Cover 

270-90 degree (O) -- Back guard or guard. 

<strong>Chapter 18.2</strong> 

Blaze sat upright with a gasp and found himself on his bed inside Fulla's mansion. 

"Blaze!" he heard several concerned voices. His family was by his bedside while Ragna and Fulla sat on a nearby side couch. 

A teary eyed Jie Er, who was leaning against the head of the bed, pulled him to her bosom and began to caress his head. Her hand made him realize that his head was bandaged. Rebecca picked up his hands and firmly squeezed them. 

He looked down at himself and was glad to find that besides a few bruises and scrapes, he was otherwise in one piece. 

"What happened?" he asked them dazedly. 

"That's what we'd like to know, you dumbass," Siofra said, her voice breaking as she spoke. Her cheeks were stained with dried tears. "I-I thought you died," she choked. 

"How am I here?" 

"A Malakim brought you here," Fulla answered. "The only thing she told us was that there was an explosion at the mayor's mansion, and you were caught up in it." 

"Can you recall anything, dear?" Jie Er asked him softly. 

The memories of the evening flooded him. 

"I-I do... and ... I may have been partially responsible for the mess," he stuttered, throwing an unsure glance at Fulla. He wasn't sure how much he should say in her presence. 

"Hah?" Siofra cried in disbelief. 

"What did you do, you little brat?" exclaimed Rebecca. 

Jie Er only raised her brow at him but nodded her head to make him continue. 

Blaze took in a deep breath and narrated his story. Siofra burst out as soon as he finished his story. 

"For a supposedly <em>smart</em> angel, you are really dumb," she let him know, "How could you just trust her like that?" 

"Oh yeah? What would you have done if <em>I</em> had asked you to do the same for <em>me</em>?" 

"But, that's different. You gave me the freaking Righteous Fury. Still, if you had asked me to do something so stupid, I would've have knocked you out and brought you back to Aunty Jie Er." 

"Siofra's right, dear," Jie Er told him. "That was really stupid, but I can understand how you were persuaded." 

Blaze looked to Rebecca to receive another scolding, but she simply shook her head. "I am as impulsive as you are, so I am not going to comment." 

"Are the Princeps even bad?" he asked the question that was haunting him. He had potentially caused the deaths of fifteen angels that he knew nothing about. 

"Notoriously bad," Ragna spoke, "but there have been no confirmed cases of their involvement in anything. Most of it is just hearsay. But <em>Hela damned</em>! I had no idea that Velli was linked to the Princeps." 

Ragna's words brought Blaze little relief. 

"What about Lynn, then?" 

"We cannot be sure with the information you have on her, Blaze Er," Jie Er said. "For all we know, it could have been an internal conflict." 

Blaze chose to believe otherwise. He could not accept the concept of Lynn being a Princeps. 

Soon, Jie Er made Blaze eat some dinner before tucking him in for the night. With Siofra to keep him company with her chatter, he fell asleep. 

*** 

The next day, Fulla brought them the news that the mayor and her daughter had disappeared overnight. There was also no news about any deaths at the mansion. A new Malakim mayor had been appointed and her coronation was announced for the following week. The entire retinue of the previous mayor was sacked, and the new mayor was expected to arrive with her own people. 

Another curious fact was that Ragna's friend from the party, Velli Borgia, and her mother, who had become the new initiate of the Princeps, were still sticking around. Nicola Borgia, who had been in the midst of the blast, was reportedly unhurt. He mentioned this to Jie Er, but she simply told him to let it go. Her guess was that the Malakim might've had their own spy amongst the Princeps. 

In fact, the whole incident had been hushed over. No one even came to question Blaze, and the fate of the angels caught up in the blast and the mayor's daughter was unknown. They or their bodies seemed to have vanished into thin air. 

It all seemed like a convoluted political conspiracy. Since Blaze did not have enough information to make sense of it, he decided to put things aside and focus on his training. 

The rest of their time at Riverbridge proceeded smoothly without any other unanticipated events. Fulla taught him how to attain the state of berserking, Jie Er made him work on her dash and the Blazing Pirouette, and whenever Rebecca got the chance, she whaled on him and Siofra with a variety of polearms. Contrary to expectations, Rebecca actually preferred to explain things, rather than only make them learn with their bodies. 

However, no matter how much he wished otherwise, Blaze could not pull his thoughts away from Lynn. Lynn and her organization had completely disappeared and the Malakim temporarily took over the city to maintain order. Within a week, Nicola Borgia was coronated as the new mayor by the Malakim. 

<em>Why didn't Lynn wait around to give me an explanation?</em> He was pretty sure she felt at least a modicum of the inexplicable attraction he felt towards her. She and her organization had deemed it fit to save him from the flames, which meant that they at least still had a use for him. 

After one rigorous sparring session with Fulla where he was smacked around by her dual axes, Blaze sat by the lake, skipping stones. He had also recently lost a bout against Siofra. Jie Er's training had not only made the pixie physically stronger, but also removed some of her inhibitions while fighting. Her careful and hesitant fighting style started to slowly disappear. 

"Are you pouting because I finally beat you in a duel?" Siofra came up to him and asked. 

"No. I am just thinking about Lynn." 

"Just get her out of your mind, Blaze. She isn't worth it. If you want a Kindred, I still think Elyssa is the best one for ya. Even if you don't like Elyssa that way, there will be others." 

"I don't <em>want</em> a Kindred, Siof. It is just weird that I could feel so much towards someone I barely know." 

Siofra picked up a flat stone, sat beside him, and chucked it. It went down with a plop. Blaze threw his own stone after her and it skipped on the water five times before sinking. He gave her a smug grin. 

"Blazey, what would you do if we happen to face each other at the start of the tournament?" 

"I'd fight my heart out against ya, and I'd expect you to do the same." 

She accepted his words without saying anything else. 

Blaze suddenly pulled out a pair of VP. "Here, this is for you," he said, handing her one of them. "I've made some money from Aunty Agatha's company, so I asked Jie Er to pick them up for us." 

Siofra took it without complaint. "Why now? We will be together at the academy anyway." 

"Well, a Big Bro has to keep tabs on his little sister, doesn't he?" 

"I am the Big Bro, now." 

"You're still six wins behind me, <em>lil' pix</em>. Don't get arrogant cause you beat me once." 

oOo 

The day before their imminent departure from Riverbridge, Blaze and Siofra hovered over the caldera lake, facing each other in a duel. 

Siofra's training over the three weeks had once again put her skill close to Blaze's. Her agility had reached a level where it was hard for Blaze to keep his momentum going. Her speed coupled with her Flutter technique allowed her to break his momentum and pepper him with thrusts that had become strong enough to threaten any average angel. 

So, after fifteen minutes of trying to land a solid blow on her, Blaze came to an abrupt halt, making the pixie stop as well. 

"I guess it's time to bring out the big guns, Siof. Are you ready?" he grinned at her. 

"The Blazing Pirouette? I've already seen it. Tis' easily dodgeable." 

"Pah. I am not talking about that," he told her with mock contempt. "Lil' pix, have you heard of the Hiten Mitsurugi Ryu?" 

"Huh?" 

"A <em>sword</em> is a weapon. Swordsmanship is learning how to kill. <em>That</em> is the truth," he said sagely, slowly manifesting an energy-based katana. "Anyone that says otherwise is spouting play-talk that only those who have never stained their hands in blood can say... However, I prefer the play-talk over the truth, <em>de gozaru</em>." 

Siofra looked at him like he had gone crazy. 

"Siofra. I have a terrible secret," he continued gravely. "In my previous life, I was known as Blazousai the Manslayer. I used the Hiten Mitsurugi Ryu, an ultrasonic sword technique that was sure to kill an opponent, unless used by someone as awesome as <em>I</em>." 

"Hiten mi butt! You suck with swords. Stop spouting nonsense." 

It was true. His worst weapon was the sword, but that didn't stop him from pretending to be a samurai. 

Blaze held the katana at his waist like an anime samurai. "Get ready, Siof. Hiten Mitsurugi Ryu, RYUTSUISEN!" he screamed, drowning the boom that emerged behind him. 

Siofra sensed danger and immediately began to use her Flutter. But before she could dodge, Blaze was on top of her, holding his drawn sword at her neck. "Blazoujutsu is unbeatable," he said, looking at the distant sky and putting on airs. 

Siofra rapped him on his head. "Stop giving weird names to Auntie's dashing techniques. Did you look at your sword drawing form? How can you be so bad when Auntie is a sword master?" 

"Okay, that's enough you two," Jie Er put an end to their silliness. "You two have come far in these three weeks. Keep working on your skill during your quarter. I am sure you will be ready for the tournament." 

"Let's go celebrate! Fulla is arranging an extravagant dinner for us!" Rebecca added. 

*** 

The next morning, the group stood outside Fulla's mansion, alongside their carriage that would fly them to Tir. 

"Thank you, Min Fulla," Blaze said sincerely, giving her a little bow. 

"It was my honor to teach the future champ, little one. You were a good student," Fulla said, placing her forearm on his shoulder and patting his cheek. "Despite her unwillingness, I've insisted Ragna to take part in the tournament. I will be there to watch you both display the way of the berserker. And, if there is a chance in the future, I wish you would let me teach you my axe techniques as well." 

Fulla had taught him how to attain the state of berserking, but there was just not enough time to teach him how to truly wield an axe. 

"It'd be my honor to learn them." 

Siofra gave an emotional farewell to the younger Viking. Surprisingly, Ragna and her, who at first glance didn't seem to have much in common, had become good friends over their stay, giving Blaze a glimpse of how Siofra felt when she was around him and Elyssa. 

Soon, they were off on their way to Tir. Jie Er and Rebecca parted ways with the young angels halfway. Siofra was in tears when she hugged Blaze's aunts, but Blaze wasn't sure if they were tears of sorrow, or joy at finally being able to escape her hellish trainers. 

"Keep practicing," Jie Er reminded them as they stood outside their carriage. "You won't have any time after the end of your school year." 

"I will try to get another bout of leave to come and watch you at the tournament, brats. You better not disappoint me," Rebecca told them. "I won't have either of you losing against any polearm users." 

Rebecca was a master of the spear and that skill translated well to a bardiche, the weapon of Nikolett Lovag. Blaze couldn't even count the number of times he had received an ass whooping with a bardiche. He vowed to never again be defeated by another bardiche. 

Blaze and Siofra slept through the rest of their journey to Tir. When they reached their academy, however, they found someone unexpected waiting for them. 

An irish-green carriage stood waiting outside Blaze's dorm with Asherah Eoiwagn and headmistress Fiora waiting beside it. The looks on their faces and their body language did not bode well. 

Siofra jumped out of the carriage and hurried to her mother. 

"Mother, Blaze had nothing to do with this. It was entirely my idea." 

"What is happening, Siof?" Blaze asked, slowly walking up to them. He didn't know why, but the sight of Asherah filled him with unease. 

"Ms. Siofra forged her mother's signature to allow me to let her accompany you over the break, Ms. Blaze. I suppose you don't have anything to do with this, do you?" Fiora asked him sternly. 

Blaze glanced at Siofra, but she shook his head at him. He would've gladly taken the fall for her, but he had an inkling that his involvement would only make matters worse. 

"I suppose you will let Siofra graduate this year without attending the final quarter, Ms. Fiora? It's the least you can do for this oversight," Asherah asked Fiora, without even glancing at Blaze. 

Fiora nodded solemnly. 

"What? Why would you do that to her?" Blaze fumed. 

"You are not a good influence on my daughter, Ms. Blaze. Since I cannot stop you from attending Tir, I am only left with this option." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
"What the hell?! Do you know how much she has improved over this break? She now has as good a chance of winning the tournament as I do!" 

"Which is very low, Ms. Blaze. And even if it is not, we pixies don't need you angels teaching us anything." 

The way Asherah spoke, with an unnerving nonchalance, made Blaze simmer in anger. The tears that started to pour down Siofra's cheek made him even madder. With balled fists, he took a threatening step towards Asherah. 

Fiora stopped him and Asherah simply looked down upon him with a raised brow. "And you are not even a <em>good</em> angel, Ms. Blaze," she said before turning around and pulling Siofra to the carriage. 

"I will see you at the tournament, Blazey," Siofra choked, letting her mother drag her away. 

Blaze could only watch in mute anger as Asherah took Siofra away without even letting her wave goodbye through her carriage windows. 

"Tell me the truth, Ms. Blaze. Did you have anything to do with this?" Fiora asked him softly. 

"If it means that it will get Siofra out of trouble then it's all my doing." 

Fiora sighed. "If you want another spanking, Ms. Blaze, I will be happy to oblige, but I do not think it will change Ms. Asherah's mind." 

oOo 

Blaze could not sleep that night. Siofra's unexpected departure seemed like a prelude to the tournament. <em>Would Sky be taken away from him as well?</em> 

When the first rays of daybreak streamed into his room, Blaze jumped out of his window and took off towards the stables. He found Sky and Splash playing outside Sky's coop, along with Badava and Tonya. 

Sky sensed his approach and flew up to meet him in the air. The Quetzal seemed to have finally learned to not barrel into his chest. He slowed down just as he reached him and wrapped his wings around Blaze. Blaze tightly hugged the bird and descended, as Sky started lovingly nudging his beak against his chin. The bird had grown used to his absences, but like a little kid, he always welcomed him back with great joy. 

Tonya pretended to not notice him and began to brush her Pegasi's mane as Splash scrambled over to Blaze's feet. The otter wanted to climb onto Blaze's shoulder, but Sky gave her no room to run up the young angel's body. So, the otter could only hang on to his shirt. 

"What are you doing here?" Blaze asked Tonya, waddling over to her with the two animals hanging off him. Tonya always visited her mom over her breaks but was usually gone by the time he arrived. Coincidentally, she had also not been around on the only break he had stayed back to train at Tir, so they hadn't had much chance to talk except for that one fateful incident. 

"Waiting for Siofra," she told him flatly, without turning around. "Didn't expect <em>you</em> to come along." 

Blaze didn't know when Siofra had last spoken with Tonya, but he was sure it was before yesterday. He knew that the two of them had become friends when he had been training at Mt. Raivataka. "She is not coming." 

Tonya turned around and raised her brows at him. He quickly explained the incident, unable to hide the distress in his voice or expression. 

Tonya let out a defeated sigh and shook her head. "You know, none of this is your fault. Siofra really wanted to hang out and train with you this break. It's just unfortunate that her mother is a little... prejudiced." 

"I know, but I feel helpless, and I can't get rid of the feeling that this portends towards what is going to happen with Sky..." he said gloomily. He had only met Tonya once and he knew that she didn't think too highly of him, but he also knew that Tonya had grown fond of Sky despite her own prejudice towards Quetzals. That made him respect her. 

Tonya silently glanced at the storm clouds that seemed to be brewing in the north. "Let's go for a ride on Badava," she said with a little smile. "All four of us." 

Though she was a little hot-headed, it seemed she was a kind angel like her mother. 

"Badava still doesn't like it when I try to fly her, and those clouds look quite ominous," Blaze pointed out. 

"It won't be a problem with me here," she said with surety. 

"Oh? Confident, aren't ya? Also, why are you here? Shouldn't you be preparing for your own tournament?" 

Tonya was 70 and she had been training for the YAMAT. 

"I was disqualified this quarter when my school narrowed down its candidates. Pegasi knights don't usually do well in one on one fights." 

"I am sorry." 

Tonya simply shrugged her shoulders and pulled out a two-seated saddle from her space ring. The flying horse walked up to Blaze and gently began to nibble at his hair as Tonya saddled her up. 

Once done, she smoothly jumped on to the first seat and put out her hand for Blaze. He took it and got into the saddle behind her. 

"We will soar over the clouds," she explained, "and slowly descend on them to avoid the turbulence and static. We will be safe. Just don't fly off by yourself. I know the clouds, you don't." 

Blaze silently accepted. Splash jumped onto the Pegasi's rump and held on to the saddle with her tiny little paws. It seemed like she was already used to it. 

Badava unfurled her humongous brown and white wings and began with a run. When she gained enough speed, she jumped, flapped her wings and soared into the sky in one fluid motion. Blaze had heard that Badava was a good flier, but it was his first time witnessing it. The weight of two young angels and a pet otter didn't seem to bother her in the least, and she seemed to know exactly what Tonya wanted. 

<em>The trust between a Pegasus and her knight is of utmost importance,</em> Claudis' words echoed in Blaze's mind, as he looked back and saw Sky tailing after the Pegasus. 

"We got off on the wrong foot, Tonya," Blaze suddenly spoke as the Pegasus gained elevation. "I am really sorry for treating Badava the way I did. I can't claim that it was because I didn't know better. It was just that in the heat of the moment, I did not realize the gravity of my actions. I am really sorry." 

"Apology accepted. I am also sorry for lashing out at you. Mom explained how you are helping her. Thank you for that." 

They watched in silence as the Pegasus continued to ascend over the clouds. A massive cumulonimbus mushroomed in the east, stretching from two thousand feet off the ground to some twenty thousand feet, like a fluffy anvil-shaped mountain in the sky. 

Badava and Sky passed through multiple layers of clouds, and when they hit turbulence, they tucked their wings and expertly weathered the pressure. 

"I didn't know he could fly so high," Blaze said amazed, watching Sky keep up with the Pegasus. 

"She was probably being accommodating towards you. She's a smart bird. I didn't know Quetzals were so intelligent. You only hear about the Angelkillers, and those are only known for their violence." 

Finally, the group burst through the moving layer of sallow, undulating puffs -- a mackerel sky -- that looked like it could simply be picked up and wrapped around them like a blanket made of clouds. 

Beneath this moving blanket was an ocean of smooth, wispy, hair-like cirrus clouds that lay miles below. 

Badava circled around the cloud-mountain and then steered right to face a magnificent and gargantuan cavern made of both white and dark clouds. Sunlight streamed through an opening in the ceiling and illuminated the cloud-walls in gold, making them seem like they were made of precious metals. 

"Don't fret about lightning. If it hits us, you won't even know it," Tonya said as she moved the Pegasus into the cave-like passageway. 

The Pegasus glided into the cavernous clouds, and the group realized they were nothing but a mere speck in the colossal cloud-cave -- tiny ants crawling up a mural of the Gods. Lightning arced inside the clouds, lighting them up in shades of dark blue and silver. 

Sunlight streaming through the opening at the top of the cave formed an ethereal stairway to heaven. It made the clouds making up the floor of the cavern glow in infinite hues of gold and yellow, like a frothy layer of puffs glowing in the colors of ripe mamgi. 

Blaze had flown in planes on Earth, but he had never seen anything like it, nor even that close. Flying on a Pegasus made him feel one with the clouds and the air around him. 

The vision mesmerized the angels and the animals. The wind rocked the sailing Pegasus, but Badava didn't seem to care. She slowly made her way towards the light. 

The damp winds inside the cloud-cavern made the journey cold and terrifying, but it was a beautiful nightmare, one that none of them wanted to wake from. 

Finally, after a beautiful eternity, Badava and Sky burst out of the opening in the clouds, and they were met with a clear, cerulean blue. 

The glow and the warmth of the sun against their faces contrasted the vision they had experienced in the heavenly clouds of the cave, but at the same time, it possessed something in common -- a grandeur that nothing on the land could hope to achieve. 

Blaze, for the first time, felt that he was in heaven, and that if he chose to call out to God at that moment, <em>something</em> would respond. It made him understand why people believed in Gods. For in that moment, he did. 

"Do you believe in the Gods?" Tonya suddenly asked him, as if she read his mind. 

"Not really," he responded contemplatively, though he was in no mood to talk. He simply wished to sit back and gaze at the view, and just keep flying. His <em>reincarnation</em> had made him reevaluate his atheistic beliefs, but - "I guess I can fathom the existence of God-like beings... though, I am not really sure about the usual concepts of God." 

Tonya turned around to look at him with exasperation. "Even after you witnessed <em>this</em>?" she asked him, waving her hand at everything around them. 

Blaze began to explain his views, but Tonya cut him off. 

"Never mind," she said, "<em>I do</em>. I believe in Mata, the Goddess of creation, and that she has a plan for all beings. <em>You</em> are a special angel, Blaze. No one can deny that. You are young, strong, and have a power that can heal tainted angels, without any side-effects. You are different than all the other angels, but you are, nonetheless, an angel. I have also spent enough time with Sky to know that she truly is an angelic Quetzal. 

"Now, <em>you</em> are the angel that found Sky, Blaze. I can't believe that it is a mere coincidence. I don't know what your destiny is, but I do know that you were <em>meant</em> to have Sky. I don't think the Malakim can separate the two of you. 

"So, have some faith. If not in my God, then in yourself and in Sky. The same applies for Siofra. I believe you two share a destiny. Any parting can only be temporary." 

A quip about sitting back and letting God take care of everything came to Blaze's mind, but he chose not to voice it. Though he didn't agree with her logic, he sensed the heartfelt sentiment behind her words. He didn't want to spoil it. Moreover, her words upped his mood and brought him confidence. <em>I will win the tournament, take my Quetzal, and take my pixie,</em> he resolved. 

A tremendous rumbling thunderclap within the cavern behind brought him out of his reverie. Lightning arced through the gap in the clouds, connecting the yonders that lay in between. It briefly lit up the cavern in a brilliant flash, casting a surreal glow on its insides. 

As the weather turned more tempestuous and the cumulonimbus began to drop its contents, the cloud-adventures began to make their way back. 

However, they were glad. Those fifteen minutes had given the most memorable vision of their lives, and Blaze wanted to do it again. His first thought was about Lynn, but he immediately changed his mind. He wanted to do it with his aunties; Siofra and Elyssa too. A picnic in the clouds. <em>Is that possible?</em> 

As the Pegasus began to descend, Sky flew over to the flying horse and settled down on her rump, behind the otter. The two smaller animals had been awfully quiet, as mesmerized by the beauty as their angels. Blaze turned around on his seat and began to pet them. 

"Thanks Tonya, that cleared my mind a bit," he said, ready to head back to classes. 

"Just do whatever you can Blaze. There is no point in worrying at this point. Have hope. I am sure we all will be celebrating in D'Warka." 

"You are coming?" 

"Mom needs to take of care of Sky, and I will tag along with her... And oh, I think Badava will probably let you ride her from now on. You better treat her well." 

*** 

A minute after Blaze entered the class, an annoyed Aahna approached him. 

"How are we still tied?!" she complained, with her hands on her hips. "Didn't you get the extra question in ethics wrong?" 

"Huh?" 

"We are still tied in second place with 907/900. Kaya Ammal, once again, first with 910/900. How?!" she whined. 

Blaze wondered about it and remembered that there had been an extra question in geography that had been unanswerable for most students, except Kaya and himself. "Kaya and I went to the Agrasen Cavern with Min Circadia. We worked on the script for a bit, so we were both able to answer a question you couldn't. It's not your fault, Aahna." 

"What?! That's not fair! I worked so hard to get the first rank!" 

"Calm down. Who cares about ranks? You already have perfect grades. Besides, you can still one-up Kaya in the final quarter. Work hard, kiddo. You already lose to her in nerdiness." 

*** 

Elyssa dropped by his combat training class that evening and asked his teacher to let her borrow him, assuring Yulia that she only wanted to train with him. 

She led him to the entertainment building, and they borrowed a private training room - a hundred-feet-high space with padded walls. 

"What are we doing here, Ely?" 

In response, Elyssa brought out a gramophone from her space ring. It was similar to the ones from Earth, except for the power source that was an energy stone. 

"We are here to listen to music?" Blaze asked stupendously. Though the walls were padded, the room still had the shape for good acoustics. 

"No, silly. Remember our dance at Sekat?" she said, turning on the player. An upbeat 8-beat rhythm of drums surged from the horn. "We are going to fight." 

The sound the horn produced was not as smooth as hearing live from an instrument, but the tune was nonetheless clear. It had a certain nostalgic quality to it that made Blaze feel bouncier. 

Ely manifested her beautiful golden blonde wings and jumped into the air. He followed her to come into a hover at eighty feet. 

"You said you were learning how to berserk, right?" said Elyssa. "The music will help us with our flow. Since Siofra is not here, fighting against you normally won't help either of us. However, we can work on our body reinforcements." 

"Huh?" 

"We shall fight freestyle. However, we can't use any weapons or flying techniques. No flying away, either. We simply go at it until your reinforcements or you run out," she said, putting up her hands in a boxing guard. 

"Think you can outlast me, eh?" 

"It's forty years too early for you to keep up with me, brat," she said haughtily. 

Blaze's competitive spirit surged at those words. He had also missed the snippety and playful Elyssa. Being on campus at Tir meant that there was always someone around, and Elyssa had constantly donned the prim and poised personality that befitted her status. Gone were the days when he could throw a friendly insult at her, and she would respond in kind. 

Now that even Siofra wasn't around and the room separated them from the rest of the world, she went back to being the Elyssa from Varan. 

"Show me what you got, <em>brat</em>," she said, rolling the word on her tongue as if she missed saying it. Blaze rushed at her. No weapons and flying techniques meant that Blaze was almost as strong as her. 

He threw a sharp Superman right at her face. 

Ely deftly dodged to his right, ducked under his arm, and ploughed her left elbow into his gut. He weathered it and swung a left hook right into her head as she came out of her crouch. 

Blaze had never held any inhibitions towards fighting against women. To him, they were only two distinctions while fighting: strong and weak. Ely was strong, and to Blaze, it was the ultimate form of disrespect to go easy on her just because of her perceived gender or because she was a friend. He limited his chivalry to <em>angels in distress</em> or when he was out of the ring. 

Ely blocked his fist with her forearm before sending an upper cut up towards his chin. Blaze used his left leg to push against her thighs and narrowly avoided her fist. The momentum sent him too far to throw a punch, so he sliced his hardened wing at her chest. It was a brawl, and anything goes in a brawl. 

Elyssa fluttered back out of range to make him miss. 

That was <em>one</em> 8-beat note. 

As soon as Blaze's wing passed her, she rushed in again. Blaze used the momentum to whirl around and throw a well-aimed haymaker at her head. Elyssa caught his arm, swiveled him around and threw him away, only to follow his careening body to finish him off. 

However, Blaze managed to control his spiral just before he hit the padded wall. He pushed off against the wall and jumped towards Elyssa to meet her fist. 

They were like Superman and General Zod, two supermen rather, <em>superangels</em> -- fighting it out like punches and kicks didn't hurt. Falling into a rhythm with the beat, their movements began to become more fluent each second, and their attacks stronger -- especially Blaze's. 

They fought non-stop for almost half-an-hour before Blaze had to call it off, running out of energy resources. 

"Hela's Butt! How are you still so energetic? Doesn't your energy ever run dry?" he panted, with his hands on his knees. Elyssa, standing beside him, was merely 'out of breath'. 

"What are <em>you</em> complaining about? Which angel under sixty can claim to have the energy resources you have? Maybe Nikolett, but I've never met or fought against her. Will <em>I</em> still be able to compete with <em>you</em> in fifty or sixty years?" 

"What fifty or sixty? Give me ten," he proclaimed cockiliy. 

"Don't get too arrogant, brat. Do you think I will be mulling around to let you catch up to me?" 

"Hehe." 

"Anyway, they used to call <em>me</em> a monster... Wait till they find out how old you really are," Elyssa shook her head. There was no envy in her words or expressions â€” only excitement. Blaze felt the same towards her. 

oOo 

It wasn't until that weekend that Blaze finally received a call from Siofra on his VP. 

"Siof!" he yelled into the speaker. "Where are you? How are you doing? Did you get spanked <em>real</em> hard? Don't worry, this <em>Big Bro</em> has a <em>nice</em> ointment that he can <em>personally</em> apply on your swollen behind." 

"I see you are taking my departure quite well," Siofra spoke wryly from the other end. 

"Not really. Tell me how you're doing?" he asked again, with real concern. She hadn't called him for almost a week, and he was starting to get worried. 

"I am at Celta, <em>Blazey</em>. Mom sent me back home. I don't think we can meet until the tournament." 

Celta was the capital of the Eastern Pixie Lands. 

"Oh... How is Celta? Do you like it there?" 

"Very quaint and rustic. I've only been here once before, so I don't really know anyone. I thought I wouldn't feel like a foreigner, but I do, Blazey. I already miss being at Tir." 

"I am sorry." 

"On the bright side, I met up with my pixie trainer. She was quite surprised at my improvement. She decided she shall train me more. Watch out, Blazey, I may be stronger than you by the time we meet up again. I am trying to master the Pixie Prick. Hope it will be ready by the tournament." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
"Pixie Prick?" Blaze groaned. "Tell me, who the <em>freak</em> decided on that name? I need to go beat them up." 

"What's wrong with the name?" 

"Nothing you'd understand. Tell me, have you seen any pretty pixies around? Will ya be able to hook them up with this Big Bro of yours? I can show them how a <em>real</em> prick works. Maybe the Pixie Princess would be interested..." 

oOo 

On a Xidie (Friday) evening, a month before the end of the academic year, Blaze sat by his desk in his room, reading a book on Geography -- Circadia had given him another assignment. He usually didn't like doing his homework until the last moment. However, the semi-final between Class 1A and Class 3E was scheduled for the next day, and he wanted to keep his mind clear for the match. 

He was reading a passage on navigating the Infernal Desert, when he heard a flutter of wings outside his window. 

"Astrid!" he gasped at the angel who swooped down and landed on his windowsill. The tips of her high-heeled black boots balanced on the edge of the sill and her hands held against the ceiling of his window. 

"Hello, Blaze," she said flightily, but there was a hungry glint in her hazel eyes. 

Her outfit comprised of an outrageously short, waist-high red skirt, and an unbuttoned white shirt that was tucked into her skirt. The shirt had long, wide lapels that were spread away from her extravagantly exposed cleavage - it covered only half of her breasts and barely hid her nipples. Her brunette hair was held up in a high curly fontange, like the one worn by Duchess Anastasia Marigold. 

"What are you doing here?" Blaze asked, hurriedly clearing his table so she could step onto it and enter his room. 

"I told you I would visit you at Tir, remember?" she said, crouching down and extending a leg onto the table, briefly flashing her naked slit. It was possible that the reason behind her action was to not leave any heel marks on his table but Blaze highly doubted it. "I also wanted to cheer for you at the game." 

"Seriously, how do you get away with dressing like this?" he asked, leaning over the table to wrap his hands around her lithe waist and pull her inside. 

Astrid dragged her butt over his table and wrapped her arms and legs around him. "I usually wear panties," she whispered into his ear, before pulling him down to take his lips. 

<em>I've only seen you wear panties once!</em> Blaze exclaimed in his head, but he didn't complain. In fact, he strongly believed that panties were irrelevant. Bringing his hands underneath her skirt, he grabbed her butt and pulled her onto himself as he stumbled back onto the chair, their lips never parting. 

Her hands ravished his hair while their lips melded against each other, her tongue hungrily seeking his. Her breath was heavy against his own, and even from the get-go, he could feel her irrepressible desire. He tightly wrapped his arms around her, pressing her perky breasts against him, and responded to her need in kind. 

It was a few minutes before they broke apart to catch their breath. Astrid held his face in her hands and began to lick his cheek. Her warm, heavy breath felt cool against the wetness left behind by her tongue. 

Blaze couldn't help himself from giggling. He never had a thing for licking, but when Astrid did it, it somehow felt good and right. "Is this how you plan on cheering for me?" 

"Yes," she replied curtly before planting a short kiss on his nose. Then her lips wrapped around its tip and began sucking on it. 

"Am I a piece of candy to you?" he asked in mock affront. 

"Yes, a very tasty one," she said, dragging her tongue along the bridge of his nose and ending at the middle of his forehead. "By the way, I have a gift for you if you win the match." 

"<em>Oh</em>? What is it?" 

"I will let you put your thing in my ass," she whispered in his ear. 

"Hehe. I've got to put on my best performance, then," he said. Due to some inexplicable turn of events, he had yet to fuck Astrid in her ass. She had witnessed him do it with Clio, but he had never actually done it with her. 

"Let me get out of my boots. They are uncomfortable," she said, suddenly sitting upright. 

"Okay." 

She got off him and Blaze turned his chair around to watch her. He didn't want to miss the view of her leaning over to discard her boots, especially with such a short skirt. 

However, he found her eyeing the bulge in his shorts. Agatha's padding on the inside had softened the bulge, but it was still apparent to a <em>keen</em> observer like Astrid. 

She quickly leaned over and pulled his shorts down his cock, popping it up. Wordlessly, she turned around and sat down on him, with his thing propped against her slit inside her skirt. 

Pushing his shirt up a little, she wiggled her butt on the skin of his stomach to make herself comfortable, before placing her ankle on her other knee. Slowly and unhurriedly, she began to unthread the laces on the footwear that ran up the side of her calf. 

Blaze ran his hands over the shirt on her firm back before reaching under her lapels in the front. Cupping her soft, squishy breasts, he began to play with her nipples. 

Astrid sensuously undid her left boot and chucked it aside, before doing the same to the other. But, before they could take things further, they heard a knock on the door. Blaze jumped in his chair and jerked his hands out of her top. 

"Are you expecting someone?" Astrid asked him, unfazed. 

"Not really," Blaze muttered, pushing against her back to make her get up. 

Astrid nodded, but instead of getting off, she reached between her thighs, grabbed his cock in her hand, and lined it against her cunt. Raising her butt a little, she turned back to give him a mischievous grin. 

Before he could say anything, she sat down and penetrated herself. 

"What are you doing?" Blaze complained, despite his mounting arousal. The words came out of his mouth half in shock, and half in a moan. 

"Making myself <em>proper</em> before meeting your friends," she answered, evening out her skirt and her top, ensuring that their connection was safely hidden under the skirt and between her thighs. 

Placing her thighs over one another, she called out to the door, "Come in." 

The door clicked open and Aahna stepped in, expecting to see only Blaze. "Who're you?" she asked, a little startled. 

"Astrid Marigold. I am your senior. Although, I am not attending the current academic year," Astrid replied with a composure that contrasted the arousal she was in. 

<em>This damn woman,</em> Blaze cursed in his head. "Aahna," he gasped with none of Astrid's equanimity. "W-What are you doing here?" 

"I just wanted to discuss something about tomorrow's match," Aahna answered before turning to Astrid. "<em>Marquess</em> Astrid Marigold?" 

"Yes. Are you a member of the Flyball team, Aahna?" 

"Yeah. She also manages our team and is pretty much the <em>real</em> captain of the team," Blaze hurriedly answered. "Aahna, what do you need?" 

"Er- just something about the roster. We can talk about it later, when you are free," she replied, glancing at Astrid. 

"Sure. I-" 

"I will be here the entire night and tomorrow. You might as well discuss this now," Astrid interjected. 

Blaze wanted to give her butt a hard pinch, but he didn't dare. 

Aahna's eyes switched uncomfortably between Astrid and Blaze, as if unsure about what to say. 

"Is it about the Malakim in our team?" Blaze asked, realizing the reason behind her discomfort. 

Aahna gave them half a nod. 

"It's alright. Astrid won't care. You can speak your mind," he said, and Astrid nodded affirmatively. 

Aahna sighed, closed the door behind her, and walked up to Blaze's bed. 

"Why are you on her lap?" she asked Astrid, sitting down. 

"As you might know, we are <em>very</em> close," Astrid replied unabashedly, placing her hand on his hand on the armrest and patting it. 

Despite his discomfit, Blaze felt his dick rise inside her. For some reason, the fear of being found out excited him. 

"Oh... I thought it was just a rumor," Aahna mused. 

It seemed like <em>everyone</em> had heard about his dance-tryst with Astrid. 

"So, what about the roster?" Blaze tried to hurry things along. 

"It's about Minerva and Afriel. Tomorrow's match is not against a Malakim team, but if we win tomorrow, either of the teams we might be facing in the finals will be filled with the Malakim. With you playing in the matches, I am not sure if we should play those two in the finals. If we don't, we might be better off testing some of the others in tomorrow's match," she said, quickly losing her inhibitions towards Astrid. 

"How have they been performing in the other games?" 

"Afriel is one of our best pitchers, while Minerva usually bats after me. She has been decent." 

"<em>You</em> are the manager, Aahna. Play the best team in your opinion. I won't say a thing, even if you decide to not let me play. However, if you want my opinion, I see no reason to switch Minerva and Afriel. You don't win others' trust by distrusting them. Even if lose the match because of it, it's not the end of the world. It's only a game. We want to win, but not at the cost of our integrity," he said, and he felt Astrid's hand squeezing his. 

Aahna wrestled with his words for a moment before slapping her knees and standing up. "Okay, let's play them both, then. Maya will be out because of you, but she will understand." 

"As you deem fit, <em>manager</em>," Blaze smiled at her. 

"I will leave you two alone, then," Aahna told them, walking to the door. She briefly paused after opening it. "You two better put something against the door. Rachel doesn't have the habit of knocking before she enters, and you never know when she may decide to barge in," she said, before closing the door behind her. 

Blaze waited a few moments before speaking. "You brat!" he exclaimed, picking up Astrid from under her knees and standing up. 

"What did I do?" she asked him innocently, trying to grip his cock with her insides. He felt her muscles pulsing over him. 

"You know what you did!" he scolded her, bringing her up to his door and allowing her to set her legs down while holding her waist with one hand. "Now, place your hands against the door!" he ordered. 

She <em>meekly</em> obeyed by placing her hands on the door and leaning forwards, perking up her butt towards him. 

"Are you going to punish me?" she asked him coyly, looking back at him with doey eyes and wiggling her butt. 

Blaze pulled half his length out of her and lightly spanked her left buttcheek. 

"Ow... I am <em>sorry</em>," Astrid apologized in pretense. 

Blaze raised his right arm and thrust his cock into her as he brought it down on her other buttcheek. 

"Oooh!" Astrid cried and shuddered against the door, cumming a little. It took Blaze by surprise, but on second thought, it wasn't unexpected. 

"Oi! Keep your voice down. My classmates might hear you," he hushed her. He knew how screechy Astrid could get. He loved it, but he didn't feel like bringing his entire dorm to his door. 

"Oops," she giggled, pressing her lips together and making a zipping motion with her fingers. 

Blaze rolled his eyes at her behavior, but he was eager to spank her little more. Ever since he had been spanked by the headmistress, he'd wanted to try it out himself. However, he didn't dare to try to spank Fiora, and spanking any of the others, including Rebecca, did not feel right. 

Astrid seemed to be the perfect person for such play, but he hadn't had the chance to do so until today. So, he pulled out once more and spanked her as he thrust back into her; just hard enough for her to feel a slight sting. 

Thankfully, Astrid kept her voice down, though she couldn't help herself from groaning. 

"Just a little harder," she asked after another spank. 

He smacked her with a little more strength. 

"More, I guess..." she said impishly. 

He complied and slapped the other cheek, pulling and pushing his cock into her. 

"That's it!" she shivered as another mini-orgasm rippled its way through her body. 

Astrid's groans kept getting louder as he continued spanking her, and soon, her pale white ass was bright red, with his hand marks visible all over it. 

Finally, she felt her body peak in arousal, and she stood upright to bring him closer. 

"Do it faster," she whispered, leaning against his door and taking his hand into hers. 

"Say <em>fuck me faster</em>." 

"Fuck me faster!" she said bringing his fingers to her mouth. 

She stood tiptoe and sucked on his fingers as Blaze wrapped his free arm around her waist and pumped into her. His hand dug into her smooth lower stomach. 

Within a minute, her warmth splashed him as her body went limp against the door, shuddering in her orgasm. Blaze pulled out to control himself. He had other plans for his little swimmers, and he wanted some payback for her teasing in front of Ahana. Astrid turned around against the wall and slid down with a thump as her body finished on the floor. 

Blaze quickly pulled his chair towards the door. 

"Will you suck my thing?" he asked her heatedly. 

"Any day, but I need you to fuck me again tonight," she panted. "On the chair?" 

"No. This is for the door." 

Astrid scooted aside and Blaze placed his chair against its handle. None of the rooms in his dorm had locks, and usually, angels didn't need locks. 

Astrid raised her arms, wanting to be picked up. He knelt in front of her and she jumped into his arms, tightly wrapping her limbs around him. 

He carried her to his desk and placed her on it before closing his windows. 

"Lie down on your back," 

What he wanted her to do was a little much for amateur dick suckers, but he had a feeling that Astrid would be fine with it. Besides, she was the type to freely speak her mind, so he wasn't afraid of her not speaking up if she disliked it. 

Astrid swiveled around on the table, and she lay on her back with her legs going up against the glass of his windows. Pushing against the glass, she slid back until her neck was hanging off the edge. She arched her back like a bow, with only her butt and shoulders resting on the table, which caused her to thrust her perky tits even further in Blaze's direction 

Astrid was a ballet dancer and her body was as flexible as one could imagine. The arch of her stomach and her stretched mounds looked delectable. Her nipples were erect and pointing straight at him, inviting him to grab them and play with them. The way she opened her mouth for him made him <em>believe</em> that she realized what he wanted. 

She took a deep breath as he brought his cock to her mouth and opened wide, stretching her pink tongue out. 

He lined up his <em>head</em> with her mouth and slowly pushed his length in. Her warm, salivating mouth promptly clamped around him. His cock gave a lurch and stiffened even further, as he felt her tongue dance around the top of his cockhead. He quickly pushed it in until he felt resistance and pulled out. 

"Ack!" she gagged, her eyes tearing a little. 

"Are you alright? Do you want to continue?" 

"Again!" she said, opening her mouth and sticking her tongue out once more. 

Blaze repeated. He had to do it a few times before her throat began to relax. 

"Take a deep breath," he said, giving her a moment. 

Astrid sucked in and he saw her hills rise. He wanted to play with them, but there were more important things to do. 

As soon as she sucked in a breath in through her nose, he felt her throat relax and expand further to accommodate his girth. Excited by the feel of her throat opening for him, Blaze plunged in, leaning forward to send his entirety down her throat. His balls blocked her nostrils, but she continued to apply suction on the part of his shaft that was in her mouth. 

Astrid's lips at the base of his dick made small swallowing motions to hold back the saliva that threatened to burst out of her. Instead, it was Blaze who felt like bursting due to the motions of her throat massaging his sensitive tip. 

He held on for a few seconds, savoring in the exquisite sensations running up and down his dick until she tapped his butt. He pulled out, leaving her gagging and coughing as strands of saliva coated her lips and chin. 

"Freak! That's weirdly arousing," she coughed as she slurped in the strands that connected her lips to his dick. 

"You're weirdly arousing." 

"<em>Release</em> your essence in my throat," she said, jerking him off with her hand 

"Its <em>cum in my throat</em>," he corrected her. He felt that Astrid needed to be taught the correct terminology. 

Soon, he was ready for another round. 

She tightly grabbed his butt and pulled him closer before deeply inhaling and opening her mouth. She took him in, and he pushed down deep until he was partially blocking her airway. His balls rested over her nose and covered her nostrils. 

She sputtered and coughed with his length buried deep inside her, which sent even more of her drool flying out and onto his awaiting balls. In a panic, Blaze hurriedly pulled out of her which sent her in another bout of coughs at his sudden, unexpected exit. 

"Are you okay?" he asked her. 

Astrid's face was a mess. 

<em>A hot mess, regardless.</em> 

Strands of her saliva coated her from chin to forehead. Her lips were all puffy and swollen from the sucking and kissing. Her eyes were watering and had streaks of black mascara running down her face. 

The look in her eyes, however, spoke of unrelenting lust and determination. 

"I need a minute to catch my breath," she said, hoarsely. 

Thinking that maybe he had pushed her too far too quickly, Blaze backed up but she had a firm grip on his man-meat. 

"I said <em>I</em> needed a moment. Where do you think you are going?" she said as she pulled him by his cock and brought his balls closer to her face. 

Astrid had always been fascinated by his balls and Blaze remembered her playing with them at Sekat. 

She gently took them in the palm of her other free hand and gave them a tight yet unpainful squeeze. Blaze was a little apprehensive about her playing with his jewels, but he knew that she would be gentle with them. 

"I've wanted to taste these fruits ever since I first saw them,'' she said as her tongue flicked along the underside of his scrotum. 

Warm pleasure that he had never felt before ran throughout his body. Astrid's talented tongue was giving his balls a thorough examination. By the time she was done, a fresh new coat of saliva coated his balls. 

If what she had done now was blowing his mind, what she did next made his toes curl. 

Carefully, one by one, she took them in her mouth and gently sucked on them until Blaze felt himself going weak in the knees. 

She alternated between his testes and rolled them around in her mouth while using her cheeks to gently suck on them before letting them out of her mouth with a loud 'pop'. 

He was being treated to a novelty ball-bath physically, while visually, the length of his dick resting on her chin showed exactly where his tip would end up when he pushed it down her gullet again. It was almost unbearable to not blow a load all over her body in that moment. 

Slowly, taking care to avoid her teeth, he pulled his balls out of her mouth. Reluctantly, she let them go, giving the departing cum-churner a quick kiss. She had wanted to do more things with them, but she did not want Blaze to finish just yet. 

"I think I might need a minute too!" he said, watching this ethereal beauty looking up at him with a hunger in her eyes and a mischievous smile on her lips. 

Languidly, she ran her hands up and down his length. She played with his bulbous tip, which was all slick, and gave a slight lurch every time she ran her thumbs up and down the base of his tip. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Are you ready to <em>cum</em> all the way down my <em>throat</em>?" she asked in a husky whisper. 

Whatever shred of willpower that Blaze was exercising to hold himself off was lost the moment he heard those words. The look on his face was enough to answer her question. 

Taking a deep breath, she brought him over to her mouth and let him go as Blaze sheathed his entire length in her throat in one smooth, swift motion. Grasping on to his ass, she nudged him further down her throat and applied suction with her cheeks while she made the swallowing motions with her throat. 

This was too much stimulation, more than Blaze could handle at once. He fell forward, planting his hands on either side of Astrid's body, which lay bow-shaped on the table with the effort of inhaling him as deep as her body would allow. 

The contractions of her mouth sent him over the edge. She dug her fingers into his butt as she felt his first stream hit her throat. His cock pulsed in her mouth and she made her cheeks suck to its rhythm. It took him a good thirty seconds to deposit his contents down her throat, but she held his length down inside her until he stopped ejaculating. When he was done, Blaze slowly extracted his spent length, but before the tip could leave its warm heaven, she stopped him with a quick press of her lips and squeezed the rest of his cum out with her lips. 

After a mind-bending ejaculation, Blaze hurriedly pulled out his over-sensitive tip and fell backwards on his ass. He held her head upside down in his hands and began to kiss her face. 

"Astrid," he spoke between kisses. "I think... you have... become... the first angel to... give a perfect reverse deepthroat... on her first attempt." 

*** 

"So, Blaze. Do you care to tell me the story behind your involvement in that blast at Riverbridge?" Astrid asked, as she lay on Blaze's chest, on his bed. Spent for the moment, Blaze gently caressed her hair. 

"Why do you think there is more to the story? I got caught up in the blast and that's it." 

"I doubt that. Knowing you, there's always something more, but you don't have to tell me if you don't want to." 

Blaze turned to gaze into her hazel eyes. There were different shades of Astrid, but there was one special shade that made him trust her, despite everything else. 

"You've got me," he said and began to narrate his tale. 

"So, you ended up getting involved with the Princeps just because you thought you were following your Kindred? Blaze, that was quite silly, even if you wanted an adventure. What if you were killed?" she admonished him. 

"I know, Astrid. But as I said to Aahna earlier, I choose to trust angels until they've proven otherwise. And, I will always give others a chance, like some have given me before," he replied. He had learned over the year on Azra-El that most angels believed and strived towards doing the right thing, even if their actions sometimes did not necessarily align with the greater good. 

"Blaze, do you trust me?" she suddenly asked him, demurely. 

He once again looked in her eyes. There were moments during his time with Lynn, where he felt he couldn't trust her, but his attraction towards her had always been in the driver's seat. However, with Astrid, despite being completely spent, he did not feel an ounce of distrust towards her. <em>More than I should,</em> he wanted to joke, but something in her eyes made him take it seriously. 

"I do, and I will, until something proves without a shadow of doubt that you are not worth trusting. That's a choice I've made," he reassured her, brushing her cheek. "What's this about?" 

"Blaze, the day of me being appointed as a Houri of the Malakim is almost here." 

"I guess <em>congratulations</em> are in order," he said wryly. 

"Thanks. I am not sure how much we can interact with each other after the announcement. Some Malakim seem to entertain the possibility that we are Kindred, so they don't mind our interaction now. But, once I become a Houri, things will be different. 

"However, no matter how it may appear in the future, you have to remember that we're on the same side!" she said to him in a flurry of words. 

It took a moment for Blaze to digest her outburst. "I will, Astrid. And I hope you will return the same trust." 

"It's our pact then," she smiled, and kissed him on the cheek. 

"It's a deal," Blaze replied and fell silent for a few moments before he spoke again. "Astrid, what do you think it is to be a Kindred with someone?" 

"Hmm... I don't think <em>anyone</em> but the Kindred can really answer that. Maybe it's a stronger version of your <em>charm</em>, but it affects two people and only works between them. 

"Anyway, does it really matter? I think I would've liked you even without your charm and I think that is what ultimately matters. Not some <em>magical</em> power influencing our minds. What happens when it is gone? Whoever this Lynn is, I think you should try to distance yourself from your emotions and judge her for who she really is. Like I initially tried to do with you." 

"I guess so, Astrid... Anyway, have you recently heard anything about radishes in my possession?" he asked, wanting to change the topic. 

He had seen some random toy vegetables in the butler's room at Riverbridge, and after watching the sexual behavior of the Princeps, it was hard not to realize their purpose. That made him wonder how much the Malakim knew about sexuality, and what they may think if Priscilla told them about a radish in his fictional cunt. He had a feeling that they didn't think too highly of sexual behavior. 

"<em>Radishes?</em> Why do you have radishes and why would the Malakim care about any radishes in your possession?" 

"Er... Something happened with Priscilla and now she thinks I like putting radishes in my vagina." 

"Why would she think that? Besides, you don't even have- Oh! Wait. Don't tell me you did it with <em>Priscilla</em>! Blaze! That's stupid and dangerous. This is terrible. We-" 

"Stop! I didn't do anything with Prissy. She kinda just felt my thing. It was an unavoidable accident, and I managed to convince her that it was a radish. She has been awfully quiet since then, so I am not sure what's going on." 

Astrid calmed down after hearing that. "Hmm. I haven't heard anything related to Priscilla recently. Just that she's been training really hard for the tournament. 

"Maybe she just doesn't understand enough to make anything of it. Either way, you need to exercise more caution until the tournament is over, Blaze. 

"You don't want to give the Malakim any reasons to take away the only chance you have of keeping your Quetzal. The Malakim are not a big fan of the unnaturals, either. They talk about benevolence towards them, but they never treat them as equals." 

"I get it, Astrid." 

They fell silent again, but neither could fall asleep. After a few minutes, Astrid's hand on his chest began to sneak down. "Is this ready yet?" she asked, grabbing his flaccid cock to stir it out of its slumber. It quickly awoke. "I guess it is." 

"I need some sleep before the game, <em>ivka</em>!" Blaze said, in mock anger. 

"A final workout should let you get a good night's sleep. I am only concerned about your welfare, dear," Astrid replied coyly, getting up and dragging their covers off their bodies. 

She moved down and took his half-flaccid member in her mouth and quickly felt him harden. She let him go from her mouth with a kiss on his cockhead when he was fully ready. 

She climbed over him and slid up his body before straddling his thighs with his cock resting against her pussy. Out of her space ring, she brought a small bottle of oil. The scent of lemon filled the room as she poured it in her palm and rubbed her hands together, before beginning to apply it over his cock. 

"I thought we were waiting until we win tomorrow's game?" Blaze asked, realizing the intent behind her actions. 

"Let's just say I am giving your prize in advance," she replied smugly, as she held him with both her hands. "Besides, no one is stopping us from doing it again tomorrow." 

Blaze had no response to her words. He silently watched as one hand pumped up and down his cock, while the other reached for his balls. She cupped them both in her hand, weighed them for a moment, and then gently felt them up with her thumb. 

She was generous in the application of the oil, not missing any portion of his skin. Her hands were firm against his member, and the lemony smell made him feel awake and hornier. Whenever her fingers went over his sensitive tip, he hissed in pleasure. 

After pumping him until she was satisfied, she finally brought her hands down and clutched his balls in the grip of her palms. 

It was almost as if she loved them but couldn't help herself from giving them a palmy hug. He certainly remembered the lavish polishing that she had given them not long ago. 

Reluctantly, she set them free and began to get ready for the main event. 

"Astrid, turn around," he told her, getting a sudden inspiration. "If you want to do it yourself, you will have better control if you hold onto my legs." 

"Oh? Are you sure? You won't be able to play with my breasts," She said, as she lightly ran her fingers up and down her sensitive nipples. 

"I am sure. Try it," he said, putting his hands behind his head. 

Astrid gave him a wry smile and quickly swiveled around before standing up on her knees. She held him in her hands and fumbled around for a moment before realizing that her position wasn't very conducive to her attempts. 

She quickly adapted and squatted on her feet, her crack sitting against his cock. She rocked back and forth, lubing her hole with the oil on his dick. Then, she slowly rose up, giving him a splendid view of her baby-pink butt hole and slit. Her crevice seemed to be winking in anticipation. 

Reaching out behind her, she took his length in her hand. She pumped him once before lining his tip and placing it against where it was supposed to go. But, how could her tiny aperture grant easy entrance to his tip? Despite the oil, it refused to open. 

"Spread your cheeks with your hands and hand me the bottle of oil," Blaze said in mock exasperation. 

She obeyed, clutching her cheeks and spreading them apart as she sat squatting on her feet. 

Blaze applied some oil to his index finger and took it to her ass. He played with her rim for a moment, before digging his digit in. Astrid groaned at his entry and moaned when he pumped it in and out. Slowly and steadily, he increased the width of her hole, first with one finger and then with two. 

Finally, without warning, he held his tip against her hole with one hand and pulled her in with the other hand that was playing with her pussy. 

Astrid groaned as she suddenly felt his head spreading apart her rectum. Her entrance widened for a moment and collapsed over his head. 

"It's all you, now," Blaze said, handing over the responsibility of his baton and placing his hands back behind his head. 

Astrid had an ass that could be said was the textbook definition of a bubble butt. Due to her small figure, it was very pronounced on her body, and right now, it felt extremely tight wrapped around the first inch of his cock. He wanted to just lie back and enjoy her tightness which, given her figure, looked impossibly stretched as she impaled herself on his shaft. 

Astrid placed her hands on his knees and began to slowly lower herself, with slow up and down motions that helped in easing her anal walls. For once, she fell silent and focused on her descent. It was a gradual process, but she slowly managed to take him in. 

Once her butt was planted against his groin, Astrid took a moment to experience the feeling of his dick firmly lodged in her behind. She kind of liked it, but she didn't find it as good as having him in her cunt. 

"What now?" she asked, looking back at his face. 

"Now, you <em>ride</em>," he said in a deep gravelly voice, swinging an imaginary horsewhip. 

Astrid started grinding against him to build up momentum. Her pale white, firm buttcheeks were a beautiful sight as they bounced and rubbed against his skin. His finger marks from spanking her were like pink tattoos. 

Slowly, she began to rise up, dragging his cock out of her. Her rectum held on to him so tightly that her ring stretched out as she slowly rose up his length until only his tip remained in her, before she pushed herself down. Her firm grip around him almost made him cum but he held himself. He began to think about Circadia and her geography lessons -- perfect medicine for premature ejaculation. 

It took a while for Astrid's butt to reach a stage where she could start hopping on him with loud thwacks of her butt against his groin. 

Suddenly, she fell back onto him. He instinctively brought his hands to hold her, and Astrid took them to her breasts. She nestled her head in the cranny of his neck and began grinding as he played with her tits and nipples, lightly squeezing and pinching them. 

Her cute grunts and groans were music to his ears, but it wasn't the usual Astrid. 

Just as he thought of asking her, Astrid paused and spoke, "This is nice, but it doesn't feel as good as I expected it to. It is strange, as I loved putting that needle in that silly reporter's ass." 

"Everyone has their preferences," he whispered in her ear, holding her and soothingly rubbing her stomach. "Do you want to switch?" he asked after a moment. 

"I think I'd prefer that," she nodded against his neck. 

Blaze quickly rolled her over, spread her thighs and got on top of her. Despite being such an unconventional angel, Astrid seemed to prefer the most common missionary position. 

He lined his dick with her wet slit and swiftly penetrated her, as she wrapped her arms and legs around him and pulled him in. He took her lips and began profusely kissing her as her ever-welcoming pussy walls pumped his cock. Almost immediately, he noticed the change in Astrid's body. It grew warmer and her heart began pounding against his chest. 

Breaking the kiss, Blaze rose up on his knees and elbows to start pounding into her. Soon, the only thing he could hear were soft thumps followed by her ear-splitting screeches. 

Even though he had just fucked her in the ass, he was still amazed that her pussy felt even tighter and inviting than her other hole. 

His hand against her mouth did nothing to lower her volume. Thankfully, Blaze's windows were closed, and the brick and mortar walls of his dorm were thick. They only had to fear the students who decided to walk along his door, but it was late in the night, and all his classmates were asleep. 

Blaze could feel the familiar churning in his balls and knew that he was not going to last very long. The riding that Astrid had given him earlier with her ass was taking its toll on him. He battered down and picked up his pace even more, smashing his groin into her pelvis as fast as he could without falling on the angel below him. 

Astrid threw his hand aside and clamped her lips down on his shoulder. She sucked on his skin as she moaned into him. 

Blaze controlled himself as the heat swelled inside him. Astrid's shivering body underneath him was due to burst and he wanted to cum with her. 

Suddenly, she convulsed, and her teeth dug into his skin. It was almost painful, but the river of warmth that flooded around his dick pushed him over the edge. Her vaginal walls were convulsing all around his sheathed length, trying to milk him for his nectar. He shot stream after stream of thick, hot jets into her as she shivered and shuddered under him, her voice an unintelligible mess. 

Slowly, their orgasm receded, only leaving a persistent stinging in his shoulder. However, Astrid's lips refused to let go. 

Blaze attempted to get off, but she held him. "Stay inside me," she mumbled, kissing and licking over his bite mark. 

He kissed her cheek and relaxed his body on top of her, her soft pillows against his chest and her warmth surrounding his dick. Hugging her around her shoulders, he lay his head sideways beside hers. With his warm breath against her earlobe, they quietly fell asleep. 

oOo 

It was a warm, cloudless, and sweltering Hadie (Saturday) morning, when Blaze and Kida stepped out to bat. Rachel lost the toss and the opposing captain of Class 3E chose to pitch first. With Blaze finally entering the fray for the final two matches, the batting order had to be rearranged a little. 

The semifinal games between classes 1-3 usually did not have much of an audience, except from the classes playing, but that day, the grass around the playing field was filled with many more angels than they expected. 

A loud cheer went up when Blaze and Kida stepped out of their dugout. Astrid's voice was louder than anyone else's in the vicinity. Blaze knew he would get her screaming even more after the game -- he had plans to take her into the woods. 

Blaze's entire team was wearing the Blazing Fury clothes; red skirts/shorts and white shirts with lapels. Astrid had brought them out that morning and the whole team agreed to switch. Blaze and Rachel were the only two in their team who picked the red shorts over the skirts. 

<em>The Blazing Furies</em> logo -- a picture of an angel whose features were masked by an orange aura, flying a cerulean Quetzal - was printed across the back of the white shirts. 

"Alright, Kid," he said to Kida when they stepped onto the pitch. "What do you say we give our team a <em>Blazing</em> start?" 

"Wouldn't have it any other way!" 

Blaze tapped his bat twice on each of his boots and stepped on to the mound. He glanced at the tall, sinuous, navy-blue haired angel that was getting ready to pitch and gave her a toothy wolfish grin. 

The young angel wound up and threw him a mighty 85 mile-per-hour curveball. Blaze saw the seam of the ball from her hand itself. He anticipated for the curve in its trajectory and swung with perfect timing. 

<em>Thunk,</em> the sweet sound of the ball hitting the bat echoed in the ground and it soared straight down the field. 

"SLAM!" the umpire yelled, and the red-clad dugout erupted. It was a perfect start. He liked putting pressure on the pitchers from the get-go, even if it came with a little bit of risk. 

The next ball was a changeup that Blaze swiftly defended. The third was a sinker. He picked it off from close to the ground and sent the ball into the left field for a quick single, bringing Kida on strike. 

Kida defended the next three balls, testing the pitcher, before smacking the ball into the right field. It bounced and went straight to the long fielder, so they could only take a single. 

The 8<sup>th</sup> pitch was a fast straight that was directed at Blaze's body, not giving him room to swing. Nonetheless, he managed to make full contact, and placed the ball between fielders to score a ground slam. The next fast ball was taken for another single. 

Class 1A: 15/0 in 1 round. 

Blaze walked back to face the second round. Batters switched strike after each round. The duo ended up making twelve runs in the second round. 

Kida maintained strike throughout the 3<sup>rd</sup> round and managed to hit two groundslams and nothing else. The rest of her hits went to fielders. 

37/0 in 3 rounds. Two extra runs had come from overpitches -- throws that were either too wide or bounced on the ground before reaching the pole. 

Blaze got the strike back in the 4<sup>th</sup> round, facing 3E's second-best pitcher. He tested out the first 6 balls, trying to get a feel for her. The seventh throw turned out to be a fastball and he sent it out of the ground for a Slam. 

The next slider went straight to a fielder, but the curve ball after that was nice and juicy. Blaze aimed for the left field and swung with all his might. The ball shot over the ground like a missile and crossed the boundary. SLAM! 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
The final pitch of the round, Blaze gazed into the pitcher's eyes. She seemed a little unsettled. Her grip on the ball switched between a knuckle ball and a changeup, as if she was unsure. 

The girl wound her arm and took several deep breaths before pitching. Blaze swung like he would swing for a fast ball. She held the ball like she would for a knuckleball, but she changed her grip in the last movement. The ball came fast but swung towards his groin. 

Out of instinct, Blaze tried to defend his nuts. The ball bounced off the tip of his club and popped up into the air. The keeper scrambled forwards and dived to catch the ball, managing to grip it with the webbing between her thumb and forefinger. 

"OUT!" the umpire declared, and Blaze stood still in disbelief. He hadn't expected to get out in such a mundane manner, and definitely not so early in the game. Kida looked at him dismayed, but he could only walk back, somberly dragging his bat back to the dugout. 

"Don't worry Big Bro. It was hard luck. However, that was a good start," Aahna tried to console him. "If Kida and Bi play out the next ten rounds, we will get an easy 180. Then we can destroy them while pitching. This game is ours to lose." 

Blaze flopped down beside Astrid, angry at himself, who began to gently caress his arm. He had been too eager to score runs. Trying to hit fifteen runs every round came with unnecessary risks. <em>I should've been more careful.</em> He hadn't been able to decide between intimidating the other team or playing a safer game, and that made him do neither. 

Wordlessly, he watched Bi have a little conversation with Kida on the field. Their partnership was a little different. They usually rotated strike a lot more and took singles and doubles, slowly building up score before going ballistic towards the end of the game. 

However, in Flyball, outs often came in pairs. Batters who had established a partnership could become rattled when their partner got out. Kida was poled out on the first pitch of the next round. 

The score was 53/2 in 4.1 rounds. Blaze out for 38 and Kida out for 11. 

Aahna grimly walked out of the dugout. She had not expected to find herself out on the pitch so soon. She was too rattled to face the next pitch, but she managed to bring her bat down just in time to defend. Bi walked up to her, slapped her shoulder, and whispered a few words to get her out of her daze. 

Aahna and the unflappable Bi weathered the next few rounds with grit, not taking any risks and slowly piling on runs. However, in the twelfth over, a knuckle ball managed to clip the top of Bi's bat and raced into the keeper's gloves. Three runs later, Aahna was poled. 

101/4 in 11 rounds was not a terrible score, but their remaining batters also failed to build up on their innings. 

Minerva, Ditti, and Rachel only added 35 to their total, while Kritti, Nina, and Afriel, the main pitchers of their team, managed to make a valiant 9, before their enter team were out. 

1 Blaze - 38 

2 Kida - 11 

3 Bi - 29 

4 Aahna - 19 

5 Minerva - 15 

6 Ditti -- 8 

7 Rachel (Captain) - 12 

8 Kritti - 4 

9 Nina - 2 

10 Afriel -3 

Extras -- 8 

Class 1A was all out for 149 in 18.3 rounds. 

Blaze's team was in a bit of trouble. 150 was not a difficult target, especially since Class 1A was not known for their strength in pitching. However, the audience seemed to have other thoughts, and they still cheered in 1A's support. 

After a quick snack break, Blaze called his team to huddle around him. "149 is not a high score, but we can defend it, you brats. Have some faith. We just need to bring out our best. They are seniors and we got nothing to lose. Give me your best and I shall bring you victory," he declared, his voice unwavering and full of conviction. 

It immediately brought a noticeable change in his teammates, bringing a spring in their feet. 

"Just do what you can, and we will win. Don't worry about the result. Have fun. You have more talent than the other team." 

"YEAH!" nine screams went up in response. 

Blaze led his team into the field. It was Rachel's duty as the captain, but no one cared. 

The opening batters of 3E were nothing to laugh at. They refused to give their outs away easily, and 1A's pitchers had to struggle to get them out. 

At the end of the eleventh over, 3E was 93/2. They only needed 57 in 9 rounds and had plenty of outs to spare. 

1A's situation was dire. 

3E's best batter was still batting and they had three more good batters to follow. 

Blaze, Rachel, and Aahna gathered around in the infield to discuss their strategy. The spirits of their team were running low, and they needed something fortuitous to happen. 

"Rach, Aahna, can you let me pitch this round and set my own field?" he asked, formulating a plan in his head. 

Rachel was a good captain, especially with Aahna's strategies, but Flyball was meant to be played while flying. The most tested of strategies were made for flying matches. Blaze, however, had enough baseball experience to know his on-field setups. 

"You can throw?" Rachel asked, in surprise. 

"Not well. But, we are running out of options, here. I think I can trick them into giving us an out. We need a couple of outs, <em>now</em>, to win the game." 

"Are you sure?" she asked again, glancing at the batter. One loose round here would seal 1A's fate. 

"Not really, but this is the best plan I can think of, unless you have something better. I really think it's worth a shot, though." 

"Okay." 

Blaze moved the two shortstops and his cover fielders closer, and sent most of his outfield protection into the right-field, with only two in-fielders protecting the left. 

He took the ball and walked onto the mound. He wasn't much of a pitcher in his previous life, but he had learnt the basics. 

He grinned at the batter and received a signal from Kida, the keeper, asking for a sinker. He shook his head in negative. 

Winding up his arm, he took a deep breath, and pitched a fast straight down the middle. It was a pitch to be hit, but the wary batter simply defended it. For Blaze, it was the start of the <em>long con.</em> 

The next six pitches from Blaze were also fastballs, with ever increasing speed. However, fastballs were easy to hit if you kept throwing them without a changeup. The batters managed to hit a few runs and a ground slam, but Blaze wasn't flustered, and he ignored the calls coming from Kida. 

To most, it seemed like he was trying to get the batters out with nothing but speed. His initial field set seemed to have nothing to do with the pitches. His seventh throw breached the 90mph barrier, but the batter simply nudged it between fielders to take a quick single. 

In his seven pitches, he gave up 9 runs, including a couple of extras from overpitches. However, it was all in preparation for the last three throws. 

On the eighth pitch, he finally threw a <em>curveball</em>, making it curve from the inside out and in line with the batter's body. He didn't expect the first of his deceptions to work, but luck proved to be on his side. The batter's instinct had been honed to respond to fastballs. She swung and the ball popped into the air. His field had been set for the very moment. 

Rachel scrambled from her shortstop position on the left and caught a splendid catch, diving forwards. 

"OUT!" 

Blaze ran up to Rachel, pulled her up to her feet and gave her a mighty hug, lifting her off the ground. The entire team gathered around them to cheer. 

However, they were still far from winning the game. Blaze gave them a few words and quickly sent them back to their positions. 

He had not expected his plan to work on the first throw. His initial aim had been to get one out. Now, he had two more pitches to work with and he need to work fast to not give 3E's batters any time to think. 

As soon as 3E's new batter stepped onto the mound, he got into position. He inhaled deeply and gathered his strength, not bothering to hide his intention. Winding his arm, he chucked the ball with a mighty guttural grunt. 

The throw was wild and two feet away from the pitching zone. It almost slipped away from Kida as she dove towards her right to catch the ball with a crisp, smarting thump in her gloves. It was declared to be <em>overpitch</em> by the umpire, giving the batting team an extra run. 

However, the pitch managed to rattle the batter. If someone told her that the throw had hit 100mph, she wouldn't have argued. It was faster than any pitch she had faced from angels her age. Usually, only the senior bracket had pitchers who could throw at such speeds. 

Kida quickly sent the ball back to him, and he quickly took up his stance, giving the batter no time to settle her nerves. He gave her a sinister grin and threw a similar pitch. It was a teensy bit slower but this time he managed to get it in the pitching zone. The batter swung and missed, but the ball missed the pole. She was safe. 

Blaze had one more throw. When he received the ball, he took a moment for himself while continuing to glare at the girl like he wanted to eat her up. She visibly gulped and Blaze snickered. He had her right where he wanted. 

He wound up exaggeratedly and his hand paused behind him, as if he was gathering even more strength. 

Then he simply lobbed the ball into the air - a floater. No one watching the game expected such a finish to his round. 

The batter swung early as she had been prepared for a fastball. The ball slowly floated over her bat and hit the pole with a little plonk. 

"Out!" 

Now, his team and his dugout erupted in cheers. 

103/4 in 12 rounds. 

Afriel pitched the next round and managed to get another out. 

110/5 in 13 rounds. 

Blaze tried to pitch another over, but Class 3E had learnt of his methods. They keenly watched his throwing arm on every pitch and batted carefully. Moreover, without much pitching practice, Blaze couldn't keep throwing 90-95mph fastballs. Without his speed, his pitches were even more lackluster. He gave up 12 runs for no outs. 

122/5 in 14 rounds. 

Things once again began to look bleak. However, Nina, Kritti, and Ditti managed to bring things back under control in the next four rounds. 

140/8 in 18 rounds. 

3E needed only 10 runs from two rounds, but they had only one out in hand. 

Rachel stepped onto the mound. She had pitched three rounds out of the first ten, but after getting a long break, her arm was back to its form. 

"Come on, Rachel! You can do this!" someone shouted from the gathered audience. 

Her very first pitch was a sharp 85mph sinker that a lower order batter from Class 3E was not equipped to face. She swung and missed, and the ball hit the pole. 

Class 1A won the game in an anticlimactic finish. The entire class and Astrid swarmed around Rachel. However, they didn't forget to shake hands with the defeated team. 3E had fought valiantly, and if not for Blaze's wiliness, they would have won the game. 

Blaze and Astrid joined the celebrations in the dugout, but after a while, Astrid quietly dragged him away to the secret meeting spot where he had met up with Clio, once. 

They had a long noisy romp in the woods before they were satiated enough to head back to their dorm. 

They found Elyssa waiting for them with his classmates, who were still in a celebratory mood. Elyssa's team had lost their game and they were knocked out of the finals. However, she was happy for him. 

Later in the afternoon, Aahna brought them news about who they would be facing in the final, two weeks from that Hadie. The results of the game rattled everyone in the dorm. 

Class 2E had decimated Class 3C in their semifinal game. 

Class 2E -- 244/4 in 20 rounds 

Class 3C -- 165/9 in 19.3 rounds 

"How?" Blaze asked Aahna in disbelief. "They weren't <em>this</em> good when we played against them." 

He remembered playing them in his 2<sup>nd</sup> quarter. It was the match where Priscilla had shown up in support. The only memorable player from their team had been a purple-haired pitcher whom he had named Mean Face. 

"Do you remember the pitcher who got you out?" 

"Yeah..." 

"Her twin is an exceptional batter who they've kept hidden until now. Their mother is a professional player, and she is training them both to be professionals. The twin apparently scored 132 in some seventy-odd pitches. Class 3C has better pitchers than us, too, so I am not sure how well ours will fare against her," she said, worriedly. 

"Meh. You have me your Big Bro right? What's a mere 132? I shall give you a 150," Blaze boasted, nonchalantly. 

In truth, he was quite worried, but he didn't want Aahna to stress over it on a day they were supposed to be celebrating a win. Besides, getting into the final as first year students was an accomplishment in itself. He was satisfied. 

Astrid spent another night with Blaze before she bade him goodbye, promising him to see him at the tournament in D'Warka. 

The following week, Blaze received the news that Astrid was officially announced as one of the Houri of the Malakim. 

oOo 

The next weekend, Blaze went back to Varan. It was the weekend of the Flight Song festival, and the entire town was drowned in colors and a festive spirit. The energy stone lamp posts were wrapped in colored paper, and the houses and buildings were decorated with ribbons and banners. 

The vendors at the town square, who usually sold various food stuff and other items of daily use, now sold musical instruments, including toy ones that made nothing but a racket. 

"Blaze, will you be coming to the festival tonight?" the young angel who always accompanied him on his carriage to Varan asked him. 

"Don't know, Ada. I will find you if I do," he told her before walking up to Rebecca, who was waiting for him with Splash. The otter quickly hopped shoulders and began chattering in his ear. 

They flew back home without much further ado. Over lunch, his aunts confirmed that they would be attending the festival together with Agatha, whose presence at Varan had dwindled since starting her company, and Rebecca's platoon. 

That evening, they met up with everyone at the town square to watch the show arranged by the town for the festival. Even Ada and her family joined them. 

The Flight Song festival celebrated flying and singing. Accordingly, the show included solo and group performances of music and flying acrobatics. It wasn't as rich or elaborate as the Regnbage festival Blaze attended at Sekat, but it was still fun. 

They watched the show in merry company, eating the tangy and spicy street food. 

The evening flew by quickly, and it was late in the night by the time the angels retired back to their homes. Agatha and the twins accompanied them to have a nice, relaxing soak in their hot spring. 

Since all of them had seen him naked before, Blaze didn't care about getting in with five naked angels. Unfortunately for him, none of them seemed to be interested in an orgy. 

Blaze cuddled up between Jie Er and Rebecca, with his head against Jie Er's shoulder and his hand messing with his younger aunt. They silently gazed at the stars as he hummed a tune from the festival. 

Suddenly, he remembered something. 

"Auntie, can you play the lyre?" he asked. There had always been a beautiful golden lyre in her room, but he had never seen her use it. Thus, in his mind, it had become somewhat of a decorative object. 

Blaze felt her body tense for a moment, before she relaxed. "Not very well, dear," he heard her calm voice. 

However, Blaze wasn't convinced. Jie Er did nothing in half measure. 

"Auntie, play us something. I want to hear you sing," he asked, cutely. 

"I can only really play one thing, dear. It's not worth it." 

"I am pretty sure it will be," he said, quickly climbing out of the pool and running into the house before Jie Er could stop him. 

In a jiffy, he came out with the lyre. Naked angels singing with a lyre in hand could easily rank at the top of his fantasies. There was no way he was going to let it go. 

When he placed the lyre on the bank and gave her a mischievous smile, she gave him a little shake of her head in exasperation. She glanced at the others and they gave her encouraging smiles. Rebecca looked as excited to hear her as Blaze was. 

Jie Er took Blaze's hand to climb onto the smooth wet rocks that surrounded the hot spring. With her feet in the water, she overlapped her thighs and took the lyre onto her lap. Blaze quickly joined the others in the water and sat by Jie Er's feet. 

Holding the instrument comfortably in her arms, she ran her long, narrow fingers across its ten strings. The sound box reverberated with beautiful, crystalline notes. 

She quickly and expertly turned the tuners attached to the top shaft and strummed again. The notes turned gentler and fuller. It only took her a couple more attempts to get the instrument tuned to her satisfaction. 

"I thought you said you weren't very good," Blaze commented, wryly. No amateur could tune an instrument as quickly as she did. 

"I am nowhere as good as your granny was. She taught me how to play, but I stopped playing it after she passed..." 

Feeling a little guilty, Blaze fell silent and looked away. 

"I stopped because I had <em>no one</em> to play to. It's different, now. The song I am going to play is called <em>Vida's Lullaby</em>," she said, patting his head. 

Before he could say anything else, she began to play -- slow and drifting notes that took a moment to fully develop, but when they did, they left a beautiful and lasting resonance in their chests. 

In fact, the group felt the music resonate with their entire bodies, and they couldn't tell if it was the instrument or the player that was so wonderful. 

The music of the lyre filled the night around their dimly lit garden that was foggy with the vapors from the spring. It gracefully melded into the songs of the wind and the cries of the crickets. Everything else seemed to fade into the background. 

It was a bewitching eternity before Jie Er's voice surged, and it was so perfectly in sync with her notes, that it took them a moment to realize that she was singing. 

<em>~ Oh, Beloved of the stars,</em> 

<em>There's nothing I won't do for you~</em> 

A shiver ran through Blaze's body. <em>Oh God!</em> his mind cried. Her voice was mesmerizingly beautiful. It was smooth, gentle, and soothing -- just like her. 

<em>~Will you fight for your heart,</em> 

<em>Knowing mine's always with you.</em> 

There was a short pause after the first verse, and though her instrument continued to play, Blaze found himself craving to hear her voice again. 

<em>~Fly across the sky,</em> 

<em>When you wake from this dream.</em> 

<em>Remember thy name,</em> 

<em>For it is what you seem.</em> 

<em>This world is but a fantasy,</em> 

<em>And you can be whatever you want.</em> 

<em>You grow everyday,</em> 

<em>In mind, in body, and heart.</em> 

<em>Though you are mine,</em> 

<em>You shall always be free.</em> 

<em>Let your heart soar,</em> 

<em>And make everything yours.</em> 

<em>Since you are young,</em> 

<em>I shall show you the way.</em> 

<em>But whence I am done,</em> 

<em>Even words may hold sway.~</em> 

Her vocals ended but the audience were kept in a reverie by the instrument. Its volume gradually lowered and gently brought them out of their melodious dream. 

Awed by the song, they dazedly gazed at Jie Er, forgetting to respond to her performance. It was so brilliant that they didn't even want to ask her for an encore. It needed to be left as a beautiful memory, instead of being spoiled by a repeat. However, the memory continued to echo in their minds. 

Blaze, whose head had fallen on Jie Er's knee at some point during the song, looked up to meet her beautiful blue eyes. She had been looking at him all the while. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"I think it's time to call it a day, angels," she suddenly said, looking up at the others with brilliant smile. "Thank you for coming." 

"That was truly a breathtaking song, Jie Er," Agatha said, being the first one to recover. "I didn't know you could sing like that." 

"Thank you! I think my mother was better." 

Realizing that it was indeed getting late, the visitors quickly got dressed. The twins did not forget to wish Blaze the best of luck for the tournament, but Blaze could only nod mutely at their words. 

As the forms of the visitors disappeared into the night sky, he turned to Jie Er and simply hugged her, with his head resting between her breasts. However, there was nothing sexual in his heart. 

A particular kind of emotion that he had towards Jie Er, which he had always tried to repress in his heart, had been brought back to the surface by her song. And, when he felt her arms wrap around him with warmth, the <em>emotion</em> spilled over. How could he curb it when he felt it so absolutely through her actions, words, and her heart? 

Jie Er began to gently caress his head. 

The warmth around their bodies slowly increased until it turned hot. Something that only happened at the height of his arousal, started occurring when arousal was the last thing on his mind. The heat enveloped their entirety and began to cloud their minds. However, right before he lost control of his mind, he felt a modicum of something seeping into him from Jie Er. 

Rebecca could only watch as a soft, silvery-golden glow began to emanate from Blaze and Jie Er's bodies, and their eyes slowly grew unfocused. She understood enough not to interfere, and that this was a good thing. 

It was almost an hour before the glow started to fade, and the first signs of consciousness began to show in their unmoving bodies. Jie Er awoke first and she held Blaze until he regained his senses. To them, it had been nothing but a moment. 

"Jie Er, bring out your archwings," Rebecca said, sitting up on the chaise that she had brought out to keep an eye on them. 

Blaze stepped out of Jie Er's arms to look. 

Two pairs of snow-white wings effortlessly sprang out of Jie Er's back; one pair from her clavicles and the other from the small of her back. 

Blaze and Rebecca looked at her with astonishment before they rushed to give her a hug. She embraced them both, wrapping them up with all four of her wings. 

*** 

The next morning, the trio went out to fly over the clouds and test out Jie Er's newly-healed wings. Her second pair no longer possessed any trace of the tainted energy that had once marred their color. 

Blaze and Rebecca hovered over the clouds and watched Jie Er zip around with her four wings. Oh boy, she was <em>fast</em>. Easily faster than a Pegasus. And when she used her signature dash, she literally disappeared over short distances. 

However, her archwings still tired her out when she kept them out for longer durations, but she no longer struggled to bring them out. She told them that it was because they were just healed, and she needed to use them a little more before they were back to their prime condition. 

They spent an hour flying before they returned to have breakfast. The trio spent the rest of the day in high spirits and each other's company. 

When it was time for Blaze to leave, the two older angels dropped him off at Varan. Before he left, Blaze made them promise they'd come and watch his Flyball game the next Hadie (Saturday). 

oOo 

The Flyball finals were one of the few instances when family could visit the campus at Tir. Jie Er and Rebecca sat near Class 1A's dugout along with Tara Maitreya - Aahna's mom, and a few others related to Blaze's classmates. Elyssa also joined them, as Blaze's team was fielding first; Rachel had won the toss and elected to field. It was easier to field earlier in the day, when the Aranyan sun wasn't as hot. 

The Flyball finals were scheduled inside the main stadium of Tir. Years 4-6 played later that evening, and Years 7-9 played the next day. 

<em>"Folks!"</em> a cheery voice loudly echoed through the stadium. <em>"The forecast is clear skies and a sunny day - perfect weather for Flyball! I am Ria Bueno, and I will be your commentator for today!"</em> 

There was a loud cheer for the commentator's words. Everybody wanted to enjoy a good match that afternoon. 

The stadium was packed by Azra-El standards. Almost all the students and teachers of Tir had come to watch the game. Saying it was partly because of Blaze was not an exaggeration. An older student of Tir hovered over the stands to the right and spoke into a loudspeaker. 

<em>"I am not going to lie, folks. As a senior, I am supposed to be a neutral party, but how can I not support The Blazing Fury? I reckon most of the audience is here to support her. Sorry, folks of Class 2E.</em> 

<em>"However, 2E can rejoice in the fact that the odds are stacked highly in their favor in today's match. Starring in their roster are the twin daughters of Willie Maiaflower, Bobby and Theodora, who have both been training to become Flyball players since they were five..."</em> 

"Alright, punks!" Blaze started his pre-game pep talk in the dugout. "Pitch well and field well, and let me take care of the batting. The urge to smack some Flyball booty is very stronk today. Big Bro shall grace your eyes with a mighty 150," he said confidently, curling his arm muscles. 

His classmates had long since accepted his weirdness, but they did not know how to respond to his quirky statements. Nonetheless, his words rose their spirits. 

"Let's show these Class 2E punks who's the boss. Now, shout WHO!" 

"WHO!" they all yelled. 

"It's me!" he told them seriously and stepped out of the dugout. 

<em>"Here comes... THE BLAZING FURY AND HER TEAM!"</em> Ria yelled. <em>"Dressed in red and white, the flat-chested angel with red hair is our very own Righteous Fury, Blaze Er Lokra! She..."</em> 

Finding the commentators voice familiar, Blaze glanced towards the hovering angel carrying a loudspeaker. He immediately recognized the girl. She was the 8th year senior from Elyssa's class who had spilled her flavored milk, all over her breasts, when he had gone to watch Elyssa's Flyball game in his first quarter. He had seen her a few more times after that and named her Onee-sama in his head, just to pay respects to her tremendous knockers. 

<em>"Blaze has not played too many games for her class this year, and it is accepted that she was hidden as an ace up Class 1A's sleeve. However, she may be severely outclassed by Theodora Maiaflower's batting prowess. The Blazing Fury is much more of a warrior than a flyball player. Though she has shown her hitting ability in the few games she has played before, her 38 in the semifinal pales in comparison with Theodora's 132. Simply put, Theodora may prove to be the better ace up the sleeve than Blaze."</em> 

Theodora Maiaflower aka Mean Face 2 and another angel stepped out from the opposition dugout, as Rachel took the ball and the rest of the team scattered around the field. Blaze took his spot in the center right of the in-field (right shortstop) and Aahna mirrored his position on the other side (left shortstop). 

It was quite rare for angels to have twins -- hatched from a single egg. Triplets were almost nonexistent and there was no history of quadruplets. MF2 was almost an exact replica of MF1 -- six feet tall, long sinewy arms, and purple hair held up in a short ponytail. The only difference was that she had slightly larger biceps that were honed for batting instead of pitching. 

She stood at the batting mound and kept her gaze on Blaze, with a constant glare of condescension. 

<em>"Theodora is staring down at the Fury, folks. Even without a pitch thrown, the battle has already begun. I'd say Theodora has won in the staring department, but who can say who will win the war."</em> 

MF2 only tuned her attention towards Rachel when the field settled down and the umpire called out for the match to begin. 

Rachel opened with a sharp cutter, curving away from the right-handed batter. MF2's swing was almost casual as the ball connected right on the middle of her bat. 

<em>Thunk.</em> 

Blaze watched it sail over his head and into the stands. An angel in the audience caught it and after a little jig of celebration, she threw it back to the nearest fielder. Angels enjoyed sports. 

<em>"WHAT. A. BEAUTY! I've rarely seen even professional players make such a beautiful stroke. That was hit with the comfort of a player who has honed the shot to perfection. Looks like Teddy was born to be a batter!"</em> 

Even from the first pitch, Class 1A understood why the other semifinal had been so one-sided. MF2 had almost effortlessly hit Rachel's otherwise good cutter for a Slam. MF2's form was as good as any professional baseball batter from Earth. 

She raised her bat towards her dugout and pointed it towards her sister, mimicking Blaze from his first game against them. It was a thinly veiled challenge. 

<em>"Teddy's a feisty one, folks. That action is sure to rile up the opposition. What will 1A do to face this challenge?"</em> 

Blaze and Aahna hurried over to Rachel. 

"Test her. Don't worry about leaking runs. We need information. Try everything," they told her. 

Aahna had done some digging before the match. The only information she got was that the best the pitchers from the other semifinal were able to do was control Teddy's hits by pitching slower throws. MF2 seemed to have no apparent weaknesses that a mere first year angel could exploit. However, the credibility of the information had always been suspect, because both teams in the other semifinal had been teams mostly comprising of the Malakim. 

The usually combative Rachel kept her wits about and tested MF2 with varying pitches. She was the captain and she took her responsibility seriously. However, her ten pitches yielded very little information. 

Class 2E -- 26/0 -- 1 Round 

<em>"Don't be fooled by the expensive round folks. This was a round to test Teddy's abilities. It was a good idea from 1A. However, Teddy has yet to reveal a weakness. Hopefully, 1A finds one soon."</em> 

Afriel, one of the two Malakim in Blaze's team, pitched the 2<sup>nd</sup> round. She pitched her best but still leaked tuns. 

44/0 -- 2 Rounds 

Rachel managed to get the other batter from 2E out in the 3<sup>rd</sup> round but gave away 16 runs. 

<em>"That was a mean sinker from pitcher Rachel. The batter had no answers to the pitch and her bat could only hit air before the ball reached the pole.</em>" 

60/1 -- 3 Rounds. 

Afriel pitched again. 

72/1 -- 4 Rounds. 

Things looked very ominous for class 1A, and none of it could be blamed on poor performance. They pitched and fielded to the best of their abilities, but MF2 was a monstrous batter. 

Ditti managed to get an out when she took over for Rachel. 

<em>"Soft dismissal, but even I would've clipped that slider into the keeper's gloves."</em> 

82/2 -- 5 Rounds. 

Kritti, her cousin, went next. 

96/2 -- 6 Rounds. 

There were two reasons why scoring runs became tougher in Flyball as the game went on. The first was that all the players in the team had to bat, and once the main batters got out, the players who specialized in other aspects could not bat as well. The second reason was that as the ball got older, its deformation made its trajectory a little more erratic, making it harder for batters to hit. 

Before the start of 7<sup>th</sup> round, 1A gathered together and decided on simply focusing on curbing the run flow. They planned to focus the other batters of 2E's and try to get them out first. 

Rachel's captaincy and Aahna's knowledge came into play while they discussed various strategies. They kept switching pitchers to not let the batters get used to a certain style of pitching. 

By the end of the first ten rounds, Class 2E crossed the 150 mark and MF2 got her century with a massive Slam. 

153/3 -- 10 Rounds 

"<em>THEODORA MAIAFLOWER! She looks unstoppable, folks. What a display of batting we've seen so far. She has already crossed her century in the 10th round. Will she reach the vaunted 200 mark? It has only been done twice in twenty-round professional Flyball. Will 2E reach 300? The result of the match seems set, so I am quite eager to see them reach these milestones."</em> 

Class 1A did not know what to do. If MF2 stayed till the end, facing an insurmountable 300 was very possible. None in their team were equipped for such ballistic batting. Even Blaze hadn't done such a thing on Azra-El. His baseball experience from Earth was very different. Baseball had never required him to bat that long. 

The team considered sending Blaze to try out his tricks again, but he wasn't confident in fooling MF2. She was too good to not see his changeups. She had been perfect at reading the ball from the pitcher's hand. 

However, the pitchers slowly began to figure out where not to pitch to her. Putting up protection in areas where she liked to hit, they pitched in a way that forced her to take singles and get her teammates on strike, slowing down her scoring rate. 

162/3 -11 Rounds. 

While the pitchers changed after the 11th round, Blaze spotted MF2 say something to Kida who was keeping behind the pole. Her words seemed to enrage the usually complaisant girl. She threw him a quick glance and immediately looked away. Her anger seemed to humor MF2 even more. 

178/4 -- 12 Rounds. 

<em>"Batters keep falling around Teddy, but she seems unfazed and as irrepressible as she was when the match started. Can anything stop her this game?"</em> 

MF2 kept going like the only thing that was stopping her was her own team. 

211/5 -- 14 rounds. 

Three hundred seemed very possible at that moment. 

Rachel once again stepped onto the pitching mound. MF2 was at 142. 

<em>"Teddy is once again on strike, folks. She is eight runs away from 150, an important checkpoint on her way to 200. Based on the previous rounds, it's easy to bet she is going to reach it in this over."</em> 

Rachel's first pitch was a palm ball that slowed down as it reached the batter -- it was a pitch that was difficult to time. MF2 hit the ball between the in-fielders but the stroke didn't have enough power to reach the boundary. MF2 refused to take a single, wanting to maintain strike. 

The next pitch was similar to the first and MF2 once again found the outfielder. She didn't take rotate strike. 

Blaze suddenly got the feeling that she was getting cocky. The score was already high, and he had an inkling that MF2 wanted to reach her 150 with flair -- either with a Slam or two GroundSlams. He walked up to Rachel and told her to pitch slow and flight the ball. 

<em>"Oooh. Seems like the Fury has figured out something, folks. She is whispering in the pitcher's ear. This should get interesting."</em> 

Rachel followed his suggestion and pitched three different versions of slower throws. MF2 hit them all but none of them found the boundary and she didn't move from her spot. On the 6<sup>th</sup> pitch, Rachel threw a faster sinker. MF2 struck a Ground slam. 

<em>"It looks like I was right. Like I guessed, Blaze has figured out that Teddy maybe intent on reaching her 150 in style. The pitcher is trying slower pitches with an odd faster pitch to throw off the batter. Will it change anything? In the least, 1A is getting a short reprieve from the onslaught."</em> 

The 7<sup>th</sup>, 8<sup>th</sup> and 9<sup>th</sup> pitches were all screwballs that yielded no runs. The final pitch however, Rachel managed to sneak in a knuckleball which she hadn't thrown all game. The abuse the ball had seen throughout the game made the knuckleball even more erratic. 

MF2 swung but the contact was not as good as it could have been. It soared towards the centerfield and Bi chased after it like a gazelle. Blaze didn't even know she could run that fast. Just as the ball was about to cross the boundary, she jumped and plucked the ball out of thin air and threw it back before she stumbled past the ropes. Kritti who had been chasing after her caught it before it touched the ground. 

<em>"OUT!"</em> Ria screamed even before the umpire could. <em>"What a catch! Pure display of athleticism and coordination. Teddy's vanity might have cost her an out, but in most instances that would have been a Slam. Are 1A back in the game? I don't think so. However, I am sorry to see Teddy go. We have never had someone hit a 200 on Tir's campus, and this was the perfect opportunity."</em> 

The stadium erupted; a few in celebration and most in recognition of MF2's exceptional batting or Bi's clutch fielding. Luck, the batter's arrogance, and his team's fielding skills, had gotten them the out that they needed. However, the damage was done. 2E's score was already higher than what 1A would've wanted to chase and they still had 5 more rounds left. 

217/5 -- 15 rounds 

MF2 out for 146 in 72 pitches. 

The rest of the 2E's batting proved to be not at the same level, and 1A's pitchers worked hard to keep 2E's score as low as possible. The firsts innings ended with a score of 264/7 in twenty rounds. The batters and fielders went back to their respective dugouts for a short break and lunch. 

<em>"264/7. 265 to win! Folks, if you asked me to bet my fortune, I would bet in 2E's favor. But maybe, just maybe, the Blazing Fury and her teammates will show us a miracle that we are all waiting for. Shall this be a prelude to the results of the USMAT?"</em> 

Chasing 264 was an insurmountable task for 1A, and gloom inevitably set in at their dugout. Elyssa popped in to cheer them up, but it didn't do much good. They had a quiet, light lunch before Blaze stepped before them. 

"<em>We</em> need to win!" he told them stolidly. "Not because I have something against the Malakim, but I want to win the game for <em>us</em>." 

"It's not that easy, Blaze. That <em>ina</em> was too good, and their pitchers are no slouches either," Rachel spoke bitterly. 

"That's untrue. I am better than Mean Face 2, and you guys are better batters than the rest of their team. We've <em>got</em> to believe that if we want to win. 

"Do you think us winning this game is harder than me trying to win the <em>USMAT</em>? But, I have to do that to keep my friend by my side. Stop being little crybabies, and fight! You've got nothing to lose except the match!" 

His speech seemed to at least work on Kida, who jumped to her feet and swung her bat in a flourish. "Let's go kick some Flyball booty, Big Bro!" she bellowed, and stepped out of the dugout. 

"That's the spirit!" Blaze jumped out after her and patted her shoulder. 

<em>"Ooh. There is a spring in the incoming batters steps, folks. Does the Blazing Fury have an answer to 2E's lofty total? She looks quite confident. Honestly, however, I think I've switched sides. As a Flyball lover, I've been moved by Theodora's batting prowess."</em> 

Blaze watched Kida as they walked towards the pitch. She seemed to be brimming with an edgy energy. He didn't know why, but he felt it had something to do with what MF2 had said to her during the first innings. 

"Kid," he whispered once they reached the pitch. "<em>Go</em> <em>nuts</em>. I plan to stick around till the end, so I will be playing a little safer. It will surprise them." 

When paired up with Bi, Kida was the more aggressive batter, but she couldn't usually do the same when playing with Blaze. She had to play a supporting role to help Blaze keep his momentum. 

"Alright!" Kida rolled the bat in her hands and gripped it strongly. "Let me show you how far <em>I</em> can hit." 

Blaze walked up to the pitching mound to face MF1, who was a great pitcher in her own right. However, her pitching was not of the same calibre as MF2's batting. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
<em>"Roberta Maiaflower or Bobby Maiaflower is quite a pitcher, folks. Don't be confused by her resemblance to her twin Theodora, though. She is a pure pitcher and has picked up five outs in her previous game. She has been quite consistent throughout the year. However, though she has picked up Blaze's out in a previous game, Blaze scored a 98 against her team. Will Blaze repeat a similar performance? It is a necessity to even attempt reaching 2E's total.</em> 

<em>"How to tell the difference between the Maiaflower sisters, you ask? You can tell them apart by their build. Teddy has bulkier arms. Bobby has the bigger bust."</em> 

The crowd's cheering rose in volume when they saw Blaze at the mound. He glanced towards Jie Er and Rebecca and found them giving him encouraging smiles. The angels in his dugout were watching with nervous anticipation. 

Then he looked at MF1 and tuned everything else out. 

<strong><em>First Rule of Berserking -- Focus.</em></strong> 

He pushed away the urge to start every innings with a big hit. He was going to watch, wait, and build up an innings. MF1 was too good of a pitcher to take unnecessary risks. 

MF1 wound up her arm and pitched. Contrary to Blaze's expectations, it was an easy fastball, straight down the middle, and he treated it with as much respect as it deserved -- none. <em>Patience</em> didn't mean letting go of juicy pitches. 

<em>Thwack!</em> The ball scuttled across the ground like a bullet, cutting between all the fielders on the left field. 

"Groundslam!" the umpire declared. 

<em>"Shot! That was crude, powerful, and had all the elegance of an Arctot. The ball's been bludgeoned down the ground for a groundslam. Seems like the Fury needs no technique to send the ball out of the stadium. Technique vs Power. Which shall triumph?"</em> 

Blaze didn't hear the crowd's roar nor see the players' reactions. There were only two things in his focus -- Mean Face 1 and the flyball. Both their booties looked exceptionally delicious in that moment. 

The next pitch was a slurve -- a curveball with more lateral movement. Blaze nudged it between the infielders and called out to Kida. She was already halfway down the pitch and Blaze sprang towards the other end, to quickly complete their single. 

Kida stood by the mound and showed her teeth to the pitcher, copying the hungry grin that she had seen Blaze give the pitchers on numerous occasions. However, since he wasn't doing it now, she felt it was her duty to fill his shoes. For all she cared, if someone looked like MF2, she was MF2 -- she disliked MF2. 

<em>"What a cute little junior! However, she seems to have a mean, mean look. It strangely fits her tiny figure and makes me want to cuddle her!"</em> 

MF1 pitched a good sharp sinker, but Kida's only goal was to go nuts. She bent her knees and picked the ball two inches off the ground with her bat and swung it straight over the pitcher's head. 

For a relatively small angel, Kida possessed tremendous arm strength. The ball soared ten feet past the boundary line. 

The pitcher's eyes followed the ball and when the umpire declared the Slam, she looked back towards Kida in amazement. She found the little angel giving her a mad grin that sent a shiver down her spine. 

<em>"What a Slam! Where did all that power coming from? Maybe she drinks a lot of milk? I hear it makes bones stronger and builds up muscle in all the right places. But, this junior still has a lot of room to grow. However, I love that cute smile of hers!"</em> 

"That is the little brat's doing, right?" Rebecca said to Jie Er and Elyssa in the stands, pointing at Kida's very unsettling smile. "What the Hela is he teaching his innocent classmates?" 

"Yep," Elyssa laughed, shaking her head. "I've seen Blaze give that very grin to his opponents during his other games. I didn't think Kida would pick that up of all things. Honestly, it looks scarier on her." 

"Everyone needs a battle glare," Jie Er laughed. 

Kida hit another Slam and a groundslam before taking a single off the last pitch. 

Class 1A -- 26/0 -- 1 Round. 239 required to win from 19 rounds. 

<em>"Twenty-Six off the first round, folks! That's the same exact score 2E had after their first over. Looks like 2E has to watch out for this tiny little angel more than the Fury."</em> 

Kida maintained her aggressive batting through the following rounds. Blaze only gave her encouraging words, while focusing on his own batting. He observed and memorized the pitching actions of the pitchers and the speed with which their different pitches approached. When he got the chance to bat, he mostly nudged the ball around for singles and doubles, and only attempted big shots when the pitch was particularly easy. 

On the 9<sup>th</sup> pitch of the fifth over, Kida hit a massive Slam over the center left field, reaching her fifty in exceptional style. 

The next pitch she hit the ball straight into the hands of the center fielder in the outfield. 

"Out!" 

<em>"Oh No! My precious, you were supposed to be the saving grace of these juniors! Ahem... I mean, Kida, the batter, was supposed to be the one who led her team to victory. Her batting had all the ebullience that was needed to get 1A to victory. Unfortunately, she has fallen a little early."</em> 

Class 1A -- 71/1 - 5 Rounds. Kida out for 52. 194 required from 15 rounds. 

Kida angrily swept her bat at the air and started walking back to the dugout. Blaze quickly ran up to her. "You did your job, Kid. Big Bro's got the rest," he consoled her with a pat on her back and sent her off with a friendly slap on the butt. 

Bi sauntered in with her usual stoic grace. 

"Play your game, Bi. Don't worry about the score," he said, meeting her at pitching pole. Receiving her affirmation, he ran up to the batting mound. 

<strong><em>Second Rule of Berserking: Momentum.</em></strong> 

The 1<sup>st</sup> pitch of the sixth round was a screwball that curved into his body, and Blaze simply defended it. The next pitch was a cutter, and Blaze cut it between the cover fielder and the guard fielder, towards the back right of the batting pole. The ball raced to the boundary. 

"Groundslam!" 

<em>"Cracking Shot! But... Where are all the Slams that I've been promised from the Fury? I heard that she could hit the ball out of the park! However, she seems to be content with hitting down the ground. It is the smarter thing to do, but not as exciting, though. This senior wants to hear that ball crack!"</em> 

Blaze's previous hit had been more of a cricket shot than a baseball hit. Though Blaze had never played cricket, he had seen it a few times. Since the Flyball field was circular, he had been practicing a few cricket shots over the past couple of quarters. 

With Bi playing, the scoring slowed down a little, but Blaze's batting began to pick up momentum. With singles, twos, and ground slams, the two of them steadily ticked down the score. 

By the end of the tenth round, the score was 132/1, with Bi on strike for the next round. Blaze's score had crossed the fifty mark in the previous round, but he didn't even notice it, nor did Ria make a big deal of it. She was instead going on and on about how his batting style was too boring. 

<em>"Ten rounds gone, and the score is 132/1, folks. 1A is managing to keep themselves alive, folks. But, I need to remind you. Hitting in Flyball gets tougher as the game goes on. The second half of these runs are going to be a lot harder to get than the first half. It will be tough for the Fury and her partner to cross the finish line if they continue playing in this fashion. The Fury doesn't seem all that</em> furious <em>to me, though!"</em> 

MF2 returned to pitch on the 11<sup>th</sup>. She had only pitched the 1<sup>st</sup> and 3rd rounds, and thus, came back energized. 

Her first five pitches were sharp, crisp, and varying. Bi, who had been constantly rotating strike with singles, was suddenly unable to score. If it was any other game, she would've weathered the round, but a target of 264 meant that they couldn't waste too many pitches. 

She forced a shot on the 6<sup>th</sup> pitch. The knuckle ball caught the top of her bat and the ball raced into the keeper's gloves. 

"Out!" 

<em>"Forced Error, folks. Sometimes, smart and consistent pitching is all it takes to get outs. 1A in trouble? They have enough batters, but not enough pitches."</em> 

Aahna walked out to bat and staved off the next four pitches. 

Class 1A -- 132/2 -- 11 Rounds. Bi out for 21. 133 required to win from 9 rounds. 

Blaze walked to the mound, mentally switching to a higher gear. He was about to face the weakest of Class 2E's five main pitchers. It was honestly a poor decision on the opponent team's part. They needed to put pressure on his team, instead of saving their best for the last. 

He turned towards the pitcher with a grin that arose a sense of foreboding in the pitcher and the opposition captain. 

<strong><em>Third Rule of Berserking -- Berserk (aka Go Nuts)</em></strong> 

<em>"Ah My Goddess, that's the devilish grin from before! It's not so cute on the Fury, though. And what does it mean? Will the Fury finally start attacking?"</em> 

Knowing that Blaze was weak against bodyline pitches, the pitcher threw a nervous curveball at his body. Blaze knew it was coming even before she threw it, and he didn't give a rat's ass about its line. He sidestepped to his left and heaved the ball literally out of the park. 

<em>"THAT IS... GONE! The ball's out of the stadium! Disappeared! What a massive, massive hit! It's sending shivers down my spine. This is POWER! This is what I've come to watch."</em> 

The crowd went up in an all-encompassing roar as the ball disappeared into the woods behind the stadium. It was truly a massive hit -- over 450 feet. 

Blaze's dugout went wild. They knew that <em>smile</em>, and they knew what it meant. They could also tell that he was in the zone there had been no theatrics besides the disquieting smile. 

Aahna didn't even approach him in fear of disturbing his concentration. Several angels from the audience and a couple of teachers went to retrieve the ball from the woods. 

"You think you can win the match, huh?" MF2 approached and sneered at him. "Fat chance! Your batting has no class. You are going to get out sooner or later." 

<em>"Looks like Teddy is trying to rattle the Fury, folks. A little banter is fair play, right?"</em> 

Blaze leaned against his viridian bat and ignored her. 

"Are you mute? Or does your highness think that she is too great to speak to us common folk? My mother is a famous Flyball player. You are nothing without your Righteous Fury." 

Blaze gazed at the clouds as if he couldn't even hear her. MF2 continued her attempts at incensing him, but she only succeeded in annoying herself. A teacher came back with the ball and the umpire restarted the match. 

"Do you think a Deity could hit the ball into the clouds?" Blaze suddenly asked, as MF2 turned around to get back to her fielding position. 

<em>"Ooh, The Fury has finally said something. I wish I had an ear on this conversation."</em> 

MF2 looked back and found him still staring at the clouds. "Huh?" 

"What am I saying? The ball would shatter from such a hit," he shook his head and walked back to his mound. 

MF2 looked like she wanted to chuck something big and hard at his head. 

<em>"The banter has backfired! It's Teddy who looks more annoyed than the Fury, who looks as immovable as a brick wall."</em> 

Blaze had truly tuned out everything except batting. His eyes saw MF2 talking to him, but her words hadn't really registered in his mind. Unaffected by the short break, he continued his onslaught, smashing the ball all around the ground, and making 34 runs in one round. 

<em>"34 RUNS IN ONE ROUND! That's the highest I've seen this year. What a domineering display of batting. The Fury doesn't quite look as pleasing on the eyes as Teddy while batting, but she sure can hit the ball farther and harder than her. The game is now looking very different than it was one round ago.</em> 

<em>"Ooh. I've just received two interesting tidbits about the Fury. Her classmates claim that she has never played Flyball before this year. This can't be true, can it? Is this real talent? It makes sense in a way but... Never mind, we can think about that after the game.</em> 

<em>"The second tidbit is that Blaze has named her bat 'Wonder Boy'. I don't know what it means, but it somehow does justice to the flat-chested, inelegant, brute of a player that she is."</em> 

<em>Onee-san, are you cursing me or are you praising me? And, can you stop with the flat chest comments? Not that I mind...</em> 

Class 1A -- 166/2 -- 12 Rounds. The game suddenly turned in 1A's favor, despite still needing to score 99 runs in 8 rounds. 

<em>That's just over 12 runs per round. Have to focus!</em> 

Aahna hit a ground slam on the first ball of MF1's <em>final</em> round-- each pitcher could only pitch a maximum of four rounds. 

However, the next pitch was fast, low, and nasty. It would've been an overpitch if Aahna had managed to get out of the way, but the ball curved as if it was intent on seeking her. It hit her left toe and Blaze heard the crack from 24 yards away. 

<em>"Ouch!"</em> Ria's empathetic scream did no justice to Aahna's. 

Aahna's bat flew out of her hands and she fell to the ground with a loud cry. Blaze ran to her as she writhed and rolled on the ground in pain. He fell by her side and caught her legs to make her stop moving. 

<em>"This doesn't look good, folks. The batter seems to be in a lot of pain."</em> 

Holding her leg steady, he pulled off her shoe and sock. Her entire toe had turned a blackish blue. Despite her face twisting in pain, Aahna didn't cry. Blaze held her leg and soothingly rubbed her other leg while MF1 kept apologizing from the side. 

Tara Maitreya and a couple of teachers came in flying. They took one look at Aahna's toe and carried her away to the infirmary. Aahna was declared retired out. 

Minerva was poled out on the first pitch. A nervous Ditti faced five pitches and hit a mistimed and lucky ground slam, before she was caught out by the keeper. Rachel managed to weather the final three pitches without scoring any runs. 

Class 1A -- 170/5 -- 13 Rounds. Blaze - 85, not out. 95 required to win from 7 rounds. 4 Outs in hand. 

<em>"Three outs in one round! The game's gone right back into 2E's hands. The Fury looks in good touch, but will the rest be able to survive till the end? You need at least two batters on the pitch to keep playing."</em> 

Blaze wanted to blast his way to the win, but Class 2E took over the tactic that his own team had used against MF2. They pitched throws that forced him to rotate strike -- slow floaters that couldn't really get him out but also didn't let him hit far. Blaze could only choose to trust his teammates. 

Blaze's hundred came and went without any celebration, though the commentator Ria made a note of it. Rachel nicked the ball in the 16<sup>th</sup> Round and was caught out by the right cover fielder. Kritti only managed to last three throws before she was poled out. 

211/7 -- 16 Rounds. 2 Outs in hand. (Blaze -- 110) 

"54 runs required from 4 rounds. Possible, but with only two outs in hand, things look bleak for 1A." 

Blaze hit a Slam on the first ball of the 17<sup>th</sup> Round, but after patiently searching for a boundary over the next four pitches, he was finally forced to take a single. 

Nina managed to push the ball between the right infield and Blaze hurried back to strike. He hit a groundslam on the 9<sup>th</sup> pitch and the fielders converged into the infield for the last throw. 

Blaze needed to take a single to retain strike. Nina knew it too. The pitcher threw a cutter and Blaze sliced his bat at it. It bounced on the ground and went straight to the fielder. 

"NO!" he yelled, but he found Nina halfway down the pitch. 

He could only watch as the fielder threw the ball to the pitcher, who touched the pole with it. 

<em>"RUN OUT! Classic lower order batter's mistake. I don't blame her, though. Nerves get the better of the best of us. 1A is in real trouble now. One more out and the game is over. It will be a disappointing end to the Fury's fury, but I don't think anyone would disagree that 2E's win is well deserved."</em> 

225/8 -- 17 Rounds. 40 required to win from 3 rounds. 1 Out in hand. 

As Blaze walked down towards the pitching side pole, he finally looked at his dugout. It was filled with downcast angels, hanging onto a very thin string of hope. Afriel, their teams last player, climbed out with her bat. There was a steely grim determination in her eyes. 

No one really expected much from Afriel. She was purely a pitcher and was the last at bat for a reason -- they never expected her to bat. She was also a Malakim. Though she had pitched her heart out in the game, they couldn't hope that she would battle with the same vigor as the rest of them. 

"Try your best," Blaze said to her as she paused by him. She nodded and walked to the batting pole. 

<em>"Yikes. I don't think this batter knows how to bat, folks. Is this the end of a frankly titillating game?"</em> 

Anyone could tell from the way Afriel held her bat that she couldn't bat. The fielders converged on her like lionesses stalking their prey. 

2E's second best pitcher wound up and threw a sizzling fast ball. Afriel awkwardly swung her bat as hard as she could, almost losing balance and falling down. 

<em>Plonk,</em> the ball floated over the fielder's heads, landed thirty feet inside the boundary and rolled towards it. It hit the rope that was the boundary and stopped. 

"Groundslam!" declared the umpire. 

<em>"Somehow, only the Goddess can tell, the batter made enough contact on that pitch. Don't tell me... what's her name?... Afriel is going to win the game for 1A? She has pitched very well in the first innings, but her batting has a lot of holes in it, to say the least."</em> 

Blaze could only wryly smile at Afriel, but the girl didn't seem to care about anyone's opinion. The next three pitches, she put the bat in front of her pole and defended. She didn't make contact with the ball but neither did the ball make contact with the pole. She survived. 

The 5<sup>th</sup> pitch was a screwball. Afriel swung her bat and popped the ball into the air, making Blaze's heart pop into his mouth. 

"RUN!" her voice reminded him. 

He scrambled towards the batting pole as the ball fell inches short of a diving fielders' fingers. 

230/8, 35 runs needed. 

<em>"Pegasi Whiskers! She's made it. She passed the strike to Blaze! 35 more runs to win. Can Blaze finish it this round and avoid facing the risk of having Afriel bat? Or, will she manage to rotate strike on the last pitch?"</em> 

Five Slams in five pitches was possible, but it wasn't probable when the ball was so old, and if the pitchers knew what they were doing. 

The knuckle ball that came at Blaze seemed to wobble in the air. The field for him was spread out and focused near the boundaries. He watched the ball until the last moment and gently nudged it towards an empty area. 

They ran a quick double before the fielder could reach the ball - Afriel was not a very good batter, but she could run. 

He hit two more doubles in the next three pitches. The field converged on him for the final pitch of the round. 

Blaze had two options -- one was to somehow find a gap between the fielders and take a single to retain the strike, the other was to make most of the pitch and hope Afriel could give him back the strike the next over. The field was set to prevent the first. 

<em>"Looks like Blaze has picked the option of taking a single on the last pitch, folks."</em> 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
Knowing Blaze's dilemma, Afriel walked up to him. 

"Big Bro," she whispered, surprising him. Though most of his classmates who called him that rarely used it out of respect, none of the Malakim in his class ever called him that. "I need you to know that you can trust me. I will try my best." 

Her words brought him clarity. He nodded and gave her a weak smile before she went back to her pole. 

A 90mph fastball came at him with an accuracy that did not befit its speed. But, smacking fastball booty was what he craved. It made the best sound on contact. 

<em>Thunk,</em> the ball sailed towards his aunts and Elyssa. Rebecca and Ely jumped into the air simultaneously, but Becky had a longer reach, and she caught it before Ely's hand could reach it. 

<em>"SLAM!"</em> Ria declared and the on-field umpire gave her a dirty look. <em>"That was a great shot, but I doubt the wisdom of it. This puts Afriel back on strike."</em> 

244/8 -- 18 Rounds. 21 required from 2 rounds. 

"GO BLAZE! And the pink-haired <em>ina</em> too!" Rebecca yelled as she passed the ball to the nearest fielder. 

Class 1A's dugout was silent. 

As Afriel stood at the mound, her face was an epitome of calmness, but one glance at her shivering legs could tell how nervous she was. However, Blaze found hope in it. Her nervousness meant that she cared. 

True to her word, Afriel tried her best. She faced each pitch with grit, searching for an opportunity to get him back on strike. On the seventh pitch she finally managed to find a gap. 

Blaze hit two ground slams in the last three pitches. 

<em>"Raving Carnikes! I did not expect the Fury's strike rate to get better as the game went on. It should be the other way around! Will 1A win this game? Will Blaze Er Lokra score her first 150?</em> 

<em>"I have no idea who is going to win, now. The game can go in any direction. But, what a show of batting it has been. Elegance and technique from Theodora, and power and sensibility from Blaze. It has been a thrilling contest."</em> 

Unbeknownst to Blaze, his teammates were in an anxious wreck of excitement. 

"Fluffy Pegasi Whiskers! I think they might do it. Do you think they can do it? Are we going to win?" Kida hopped on her feet. 

"Shut up and sit down! You're making me dizzy," Rachel scolded her, half-heartedly. Everyone in the dugout was as jittery as her. 

253/8 -- 19 Rounds. 12 runs required to win in 1 round. 

Blaze walked up to Afriel, placed a hand on the back of her neck and pulled her towards him to touch their foreheads. She was almost as tall as him. "Just get the freaking single, you punk. You can do it. You got us this far. I will call you Big Sis for the rest of the week if you do it," he told her, staring right into her eyes. 

"I will," she told him firmly and he let her go. 

A blonde-haired pitcher who had been relatively economical in her previous rounds stepped up to pitch as Afriel walked up to the pitching pole. 

<em>"This is the decisive moment, folks. Will Afriel manage to hand over the strike to Blaze, or will the blondie get her out?"</em> 

Afriel took a deep breath and focused on the pitcher as she stepped up and readied herself. The pitcher wound up and threw a speedy curveball with a shrill grunt. 

Afriel did one better than she promised Blaze. She smacked the ball and pierced it between the fielders with enough pace on it to reach the boundary. The fielder chasing after it could've cut it off if she tried her best, but she chose to let it go. 

"Ground slam." 

<em>"Oh My! I did not see that coming. It was a smart decision by that player to let the ball reach the boundary. They don't want Blaze on strike."</em> 

257/8. 8 runs required from 9 pitches. 

The entire fielding team surrounded Afriel inside the infield. They knew she didn't have the timing or skill to make big hits. She could only hit along the ground or pop it up and get caught. 

Afriel tried to play it safe like she was supposed to, but no matter what she did, she couldn't find a gap. Six pitches went by in a jiffy. 

8 runs needed from 3 pitches. 

Blaze had nothing to say to Afriel. She was a great pitcher and she knew exactly what to expect from the pitchers. It was her knowledge of pitching and her grit that let her survive this far. So, he simply smiled at her and stood ready to run at the slightest chance. 

Afriel seemed to come to some decision as she stepped up to the batting mound. Her bat was steady as she faced the pitcher readying herself. The blondie wound up and threw. Afriel's grip on the bat changed the moment the ball was released. The pitch was a crisp sinker that visibly dropped in the air, right before it reached the batter. Afriel held her bat like a putting club and scooped the ball into the air. 

A gasp went through the crowd, expecting the ball to be caught. Instead, it defied expectations by teasingly floating over the left shortstop's head before landing safely, a few feet behind her. 

Blaze and Afriel completed their single. 

258/8, 7 required from 2 pitches. 

Ria let out a squeak of excitement that was heard by the entire stadium. <em>"7 runs to win in two pitches. Two ground slams or a Slam. How will Blaze do it? Or, will 2E manage to finally trip her up? How is this game so exciting?"</em> 

Blaze was also 6 short of his 150, but he didn't realize it. He had only been paying attention to the main score. 

Nervousness beset him for the first time that game. He stood facing the pitching pole as the pitcher, the captain, and the MFs huddled together to discuss their strategy. Unconsciously, he bit his lower lip. 

"OI BRAT!" a voice pierced through the noisy stadium. "This auntie needs a Hela-damned 150!" 

Rebecca's voice washed away his anxiety like magic. 

<em>He</em> was the one who was supposed to terrorize naÃ¯ve little angels, not the other way around. His smug, devilish grin returned without him even putting an effort into it. 

<em>"That seems to be the Blazing Fury's aunt. They share the same red hair, too! Her words seem to have brought back the devilish grin. I think I know what to expect, folks!"</em> 

<strong><em>Fourth and final rule of Berserking:</em></strong> <strong><em>Smack them into the ground</em></strong> <em>(out of the ground if it's a Flyball)</em> 

As the pitcher stepped up, Blaze took a deep breath, steadied his mind, and put up his bat; his gaze was affixed on the pitcher's eyes. Blondie wound up and threw. He noticed the seam position as soon as the ball was released. It was an out-swinging slider -- a risky move as he was good against sliders, but it could've worked if he was caught by surprise. 

It didn't catch him by surprise. 

He stepped into the path of the ball and scooped it up with impeccable timing. A wind from the east kept it afloat for an uncomfortably long moment. Two fielders stood by the ropes, hoping the ball would reach their hands. If they could fly, they would've caught it. That's why flying flyball was so different from the one played on the ground. 

<em>"It's going, going, and GONE!"</em> 

"SLAM!" the umpire announced when the ball fell to the ground. 

<em>"That's a SLAM! Class 1A wins! The Blazing Fury has scored a tremendous 150 to lead her team to victory. What a match, folks! The twists and turns had my tits tittering in tension. Ivka, I am so glad I decided to watch and commentate this game..."</em> Ria's voice kept rambling. 

Blaze watched the ball before turning to his dugout. A body slammed into him and her arms and legs wrapped around him in a joyful hug as her bat skittered away on the pitch. 

Within moments, Blaze was bowled over by ten excited young angels. Blaze spread his wings and hugged them all. Aahna had come back during the final over, with a cast around her toe. She was carried on to the pitch by the others. 

Flyball Final (Year 1-3 Bracket) 

Class 2E vs Class 1A 

Scores: 264/8 vs 266/8 

Class 1A Scorecard 

1. Blaze - 152 

2. Kida - 52 

3. Bi - 21 

4. Aahna -- 4 (Retired Out) 

5. Minerva - 0 

6. Ditti -- 4 

7. Rachel (Captain) - 15 

8. Kritti - 0 

9. Nina - 2 

10. Afriel -11 

Extras -- 5 

Result: Class 1A wins the final and the tournament 

The students of Class 1A met up with their families only for a little while before they went back to their dorm to celebrate their victory. Jie Er and Rebecca returned back to their inn while Elyssa joined Blaze. On Blaze's insistence, the duo secretly went out to town, bought some mead, and sneaked it back onto campus. 

After a delicious dinner, Blaze waited until the matron had enough of the students' noise and chose to retire to bed early. That's when he brought out the alcohol. 

Climbing onto his throne-couch, he spoke to the entire dorm. "Alright, punks. We WON the tournament!" 

A loud cheer went through the hall. 

"So, we need an appropriate celebration. We might not get a similar opportunity again. Our gracious Big Sister Elyss- 

"I had nothing to do with this! You told me you wanted to buy some <em>exotic juice</em>. I should've known better." 

"Your gracious Big Bro Blaze, has brought you some alcohol," he quickly changed his tune. "I've seen even the prudish Malakim's top brass drink at Riverbridge, so it shouldn't be a problem if you drink within a limit. Only two pints for each of you. Maybe another if I think you're still sober. 

"If you don't want any part of this, you're free to leave, but no one outside this room needs to know. <em>Snitches get stitches.</em> Now, come get your due!<em>"</em> he said, bringing out four pitchers of mead. 

However, once the young angels got a taste of the sweet mamgi mead, none of them were satisfied with a single drink. Thankfully, Blaze had more than four pitchers in his space ring. By the time the jars were empty, most had at least 3 drinks. 

Soon, Rachel was asking Afriel whether she would be more likely to be friends with a Yaksha or a Pixie. Afriel's answers got lost in translation of her indecipherable drunken words. 

The angels played games and chatted endlessly until one by one, they started falling asleep in the common room. Blaze realized that he would be in trouble the next morning, but he didn't care enough in that moment. 

Elyssa proved to be quite weak with alcohol. It had only taken her three drinks to become a floundering drunk. Currently, she had her arms draped around his neck and leaning against him on the sofa. Their game of chaken had ended abruptly when Aahna fell asleep mid-game. 

"Blaaazeyyy," Ely muttered drunkenly, "I might've ne'r said dis ta ya before, but you're my bestest friend!" 

"To think you called me a kid when we first met," he said, wryly. "And, since when do <em>you</em> call me, Blazey?" 

He was quite buzzed too, but he could at least handle a few drinks. 

"Ay! yer still a kid. And, I like how Blazey sounds. Siof calls you Blazey, no? Why can't I?" 

"I doubt you'll still be calling me that after you are sober." 

"I'll call my bestie wudever I want," she said, pressing her cheek against his. "Am I your best friend too?" 

Blaze laughed. He didn't expect Elyssa to be an emotional drunk, but he quite liked it. "Of course. Am I not always saying we're best friends?" 

"More than Siofra or Astrid?" 

"Obviously. Siofra's like a sister, and Astrid... well, it's complicated." 

"Booo. You kissed Asti... you've ne'r kissed me before." 

"What are you saying?" 

A kiss on the cheek was a not an uncommon display among angels who were close. 

"Nud like you did ta Asti at Sekat." 

Blaze didn't know what to say to that. Though Elyssa knew about his member, she knew nothing of what he was doing with it. Nor did he think she knew what that kiss in Sekat truly meant. 

"You're drunk, Ely. Let me take you back to your dorm." 

"No! I dun wanna." 

"You don't want to be here when the matron sees us in the morning, Ely." 

"Dun care. We'll get into trouble together," she said, tightening her grip around his neck. 

Blaze sighed and fell silent, enjoying the buzz and letting his mind adrift in a comfortable blankness. 

"Ely," he spoke after a while. "How confident are you about winning the YAMAT?" 

"I'm da best..." she slurred. "Da only two angels who could defeat be graduated last tourney." 

"Confident, aren't ya?" 

"Bery..." 

"What about Brija?" he asked after a moment. "I remember she placed higher than you in the last YAMAT." 

However, there was no more response from Elyssa. He glanced at her and found her fast asleep against his shoulder. Sighing, he lay his head against hers and drifted off into sleep. 

*** 

The next morning, they all were woken up by a very unhappy matron. However, all his classmates were tight-lipped. Though the matron guessed what may have happened, she couldn't do much as all of them claimed that they had just fallen asleep in the dorm because they had a little too much 'fun'. 

The matron let the other students go with a warning, but she made Blaze and Elyssa clean up the mess. So, it was noon by the time the duo managed to make their way to Jie Er and Rebecca's inn. By then, an alarming piece of news had spread throughout the town. Blaze and Elyssa noticed the tense atmosphere prevailing in the town even before they reached his aunts' room. 

"A bulletin was issued this morning," Rebecca told them when they entered. "The demons attacked eleven important strongholds along the borders of Aranya, Xian, and Lanoan, yesterday. We have lost six of them, two in each of the three countries." 

"How?!" 

"We don't have the details yet, but needless to say, we were caught unprepared." 

"What does this mean?" 

"It <em>means</em> that we have to try and take back the strongholds before the demons have a chance to consolidate their positions. Luckily, if we act fast, we should be able to take them back. But, I don't understand why they did this, and why now?" 

The strongholds were inside Heavenly Union territory, so the invading demons were still surrounded from three sides with very few supply routes. 

"They must have a greater goal that we are not privy to, Rebecca. Unless, this whole thing is simply a prelude to the start of another continent-wide war." 

"I guess so, Jie Er." 

"What will happen to you, Aunt Becky?" Blaze asked Rebecca. 

"I've already been called back. I will be reporting for duty tonight. Jie Er and I will be leaving after lunch. I am sorry, Blaze Er. I don't think I will be able to watch you at the tournament," she said unhappily, brushing his hair. 

Blaze immediately noticed that her words did not have any reassurances. It meant that she'd be involved in the force that was going to take back the strongholds, even though she did not explicitly say it. 

"Becky!" he said, wrapping his arms around her waist in an emotional hug. 

The four angels had a quiet lunch at the inn before it was time for Jie Er and Rebecca's carriage. 

Blaze pulled Rebecca aside before the two older angels got onto the carriage. "You better come back in one piece, you old coot," he said, choking up a little. He felt very afraid for her safety. Attacking defensive positions usually had a high number of casualties; even more if the attacking force were in a hurry. 

"Don't worry, little one. Think of this as my training session. Since Jie Er is an arch now and you are getting stronger every day, I can't let you two leave me behind. I also can't leave you and Jie Er alone, can I? You'd be bawling your eyes out for days, and Jie Er would be heartbroken. 

"Also, I haven't visited mum since our visit to Sekat. If I don't come back to say hi to her, she will not let me rest in peace in the afterlife," she laughed. She then tilted his head upwards and planted a kiss on his forehead. Recently, even Rebecca had been acting a little like a parent towards him. 

Soon, Jie Er and Rebecca's carriage was off towards Varan. 

"She will be alright, Blaze," Elyssa spoke solemnly as they watched it soar away. "The Black Thorn regiment are the special forces of Aranya. They are very strong. They may be in more danger than the regular infantry, but they usually survive more than them. This is what Aunt Becky has been training for." 

"I hope so, Elyssa. She is my only family after Jie Er, and I don't know what I would do if I lost her." 

"This is the world we live in, Blaze... You've gotta be strong for them. My mom is already at one of the strongholds. I just have to believe she will make it back as all the other times." 

Elyssa had called General Lynn Sturm after hearing the news, earlier. 

"Thanks, Ely. And when they do, let's show them our winning goblets." 

Large golden goblets with their names printed on them were given to the winners of the tournament. 

"Do you think they will still continue with the tournament? Seems like this is a big deal," he asked, as they made their way back to the dorm. 

"They should, unless the demons make their way further inland. No reason for stopping an event that brings hope and excitement to so many angels in the HU." 

"I guess... Will Duchess Marigold still be coming with us to D'Warka?" 

"Most likely. But, she has other work over there, so she may not be able to spend much time with us. On the other hand, you will have a chance to meet Astrid's mom," she said, with a glint in her eye. 

*** 

Tests took up most of the following week for the students of Class 1A. On top of the written exams, they had to participate in the year-end combat assessment test, which Blaze was exempt from as he was participating in the tournament. For the USMAT bracket, Tir was sending, Blaze, Priscilla, and another angel name Drisana-- a fifty-eight-year-old angel. The selections had been completed the week before the flyball final. Siofra was representing the pixies and not Tir. 

Most of Aeigirdie (Wednesday), Blaze spent watching his classmates spar against other students of Year 1. Since the students in Year 1 were not expected to fly or even have wings, combat assessment was based on hand-to-hand techniques, various melee and ranged weapons, Pegasi riding, and one team fight against a team from a different class. 

Blaze was impressed by his year-mates' techniques. They were on par with his own at the start of the year, and that was quite good, as he had some experience in martial arts from his previous life on Earth. 

The Pegasi flying test was the easier one, as the class simply had to take their Pegasi and fly around the campus. It was graded on skill and how well the Pegasus reacted to their commands, and it was graded by Claudis. 

Rachel, who always wanted to be a Pegasi knight, was the unchallenged first in his class. Her control over her Pegasus was almost telepathic. Blaze came second after he showed off his latest Pegasi flying skills on Badava. Just like Tonya had told him when they went flying into the clouds, Badava had let him ride her from that day onwards. 

The group fight was a Capture the Flag match, held in randomly picked locations throughout the campus. Blaze went to watch Aahna's match as she was the best strategist in their class -- <em>Of course, only after her Big Bro. Hehe.</em> 

As fate or the teachers deemed fit, Aahna faced off against Kaya Ammal, her worst nemesis. Aahna's team consisted of Afriel and eight other students from Blaze's class, none of whom were the best of warriors. Kaya's team seemed to mirror Aahna's in terms of combat strength. 

Aahna's team started out on a grassy knoll and Kaya's team in the middle of a wood, separated by a small stream. Aahna's advantage was height and a defensible position, while Kaya's was the lack of visibility. 

Blaze and the teachers watched the match from the air, witnessing a thrilling hour of pure strategy-oriented combat. Aahna sat on her hilltop and used her vantage point to dish out continuous instructions as her team spread out to launch an attack. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
Kaya hid in the trees and used alternating runners to send messages, using Aahna's signals to respond in kind. It took her only the first fifteen minutes to decode Aahna's hand gestures. 

Even until the last five minutes of the match, both teams seemed to be evenly matched. However, a teammate's misinterpretation of Aahna's message cost her the game. The teammate went right instead of left and left a gap in their team's defensive circle, which allowed Kaya to make a mad rush up the hill. Aahna reacted quickly, but Kaya's team got her flag a few seconds before Afriel managed to grab Kaya's flag. 

The teachers were so impressed by their performance that they awarded full scores to both teams. 

Aahna ended up having so much fun in the game that she wasn't even mad at losing to Kaya. She congratulated her opponent and then merrily proceeded to tell her that she should not have too many expectations for ranking first in that quarter's finals, because <em>she</em> had been studying the entire quarter like it was the final's week. Kaya simply asked her what the difference was. 

Blaze realized on that day that no matter how much of a genius he was, he was never going to out-study those two nerds. 

On the same day that they finished their finals, Blaze received some good news. For some strange reason, as soon as the demons saw the angels amassing an army to lay siege on the captured strongholds, they retreated without a fight. The angels had been so baffled that they didn't even bother to give chase. 

Blaze could only be glad that Rebecca didn't have to fight. 

So, the end of finals was even more jubilant that day. The students met up with all their teachers to say thank you and farewell. Blaze went to meet his combat training instructor, Yulia, after speaking with his first-year teachers. Yulia taught the fourth year, and she had been very insightful and helpful in Blaze's improvement over the year. 

When he met her, Yulia placed her hands on his shoulders and told him with conviction that she had full confidence in his abilities. She <em>wanted</em> to see him win the tournament. 

In response, Blaze gave her a hug as she awkwardly patted on his head. Yulia had always been a little socially inept with her students. So, Blaze stood tiptoe and planted a peck on her cheek before quickly pulling away and flying off to his dorm, leaving a visibly flustered teacher. 

Elyssa spent a little while in his dorm before going back to spend time with her own classmates. Her parting with Blaze was only going to be a short one, as Jie Er and Blaze were going to meet her at Cali before they journeyed together to D'Warka. 

In the one year that the students had spent at Tir, they had grown quite fond of their academy, and made bonds that would last a lifetime. Though they were celebrating, the idea of leaving Tir the next day brought a great sense of foreboding, longing, and nostalgia. 

The matron and their caretakers joined them in their merrymaking in the dorm, as the sixty angels simply talked to each other while eating delicious snacks. 

By midnight they were all in beds, so they could rise early to catch their carriages. Blaze, however, sneaked off to Seshat's cottage to give her a farewell <em>gift</em> 

Early the next morning, Seshat walked Blaze out of her home. Her stiff feather had grown a little over the quarter and it was now showing signs of sprouting more. 

"Teach," Blaze said as they stood outside facing each other. "Thank you! For everything. You are the best teacher I've ever had. Your lessons gave me much more than a simple reiteration of past events. I actually learnt <em>History</em>, and I loved every minute of it<em>.</em> I want to keep learning from you, so please don't ever leave Tir. At least not until I finish my education." 

Seshat's big brown eyes teared at his words. She wiped them before she spoke. "Thank you, Blaze. You've been a wonderful student. Inquisitive and willing to learn. I will be glad to teach you as long as you are willing, and I have something to teach." 

Blaze stepped forward and wrapped her in a mighty hug. "Bye teach, visit me if you ever drop by Varan. Everyone there knows where I live." 

He felt Seshat's nod over his head. "I will. Now, go. I am sure you have others to say goodbye to," she said, patting his back. 

Blaze gave her a warm squeeze, brushed her stiff feather, and took off as she watched from her garden. 

He then headed over to the stables. 

Claudis was in charge of bringing Sky to D'Warka. Fiora and Alice were also going to be there at the tournament to represent Tir. So, he didn't have to bid farewell to any of them. 

However, there was a Pegasus who Blaze was <em>convinced</em> was going to miss him when he was gone. 

He let Sky out of his coop before entering the stables, finding Badava dozing in her stall. When he woke her up, the cantankerous Pegasus snorted at him for bothering her so early, and quickly turned away, swatting her tail at him. 

However, Blaze wasn't done. He picked up a horse brush and began brushing the Pegasus. Even a cranky Pegasus could never say no to good rub. Badava was soon wide awake and nibbling on Blaze's ponytail. 

"You better enjoy this luxury, you dumb horse," he told her affectionately. "It maybe another nine years before you get another." 

After brushing her mane and feathers into a pristine condition, he saddled her up and brought her out. Then, along with Sky, the three of them flew around the campus with Blaze on Badava's back. 

Starting from the school's entrance, Blaze retraced his steps, remembering the first day he had stepped foot on the campus and walked through its winding paved roads. 

The first time he met Fiora, Alice, and Siofra at the Registrar's. 

He had felt annoyed at being put together with classmates he considered children, but now he was friends with the said children. His classmates were unlike teens from Earth. 

He remembered standing up for Siofra and punching Priscilla. That day, he had gained a title that he did not consider himself worthy of, but he had nonetheless grown used to carrying the name. However, not once had he referred to himself as the <em>Righteous Fury</em>. 

Classes, his kind and gentle teachers, and training. <em>Seshat, Yulia, and Circadia, too.</em> 

Making mistakes and learning lessons. <em>Badava...</em> 

Meeting the Xian Princess. Pranks. Getting on Fiora's nerves and being spanked. <em>And no, there are no ghosts! There can't be...</em> 

And finally, the memorable Flyball games. 

Though there had been a couple of downers in the year, it had nonetheless been a joyful one. Blaze had fallen in love with the academy. 

Students who spotted Blaze soar over their heads loudly cheered for him, wishing him the best of luck in the tournament. 

Suddenly, Blaze felt a little lost. What was he going to do after the tournament? It would be nine more years before he would come back to school. He was happy he would have Jie Er and Rebecca, but what was he going to do? <em>Maybe meet up with Elyssa and train? Travel the world?</em> The latter was a pipe dream, as he was now too well-known and not yet strong enough to travel alone and take care of himself. 

He sighed and pushed his thoughts away. He would have enough time to think about it after the tournament. He flew throughout the campus, making sure to avoid the Agrasen Palace, before he went back to the stable. Claudis and Gyrill were waiting for him. 

He quickly got off his Pegasus and offered her an apple, before hugging her neck as she chewed on the fruit. 

"I am glad to see that you've bonded with Badava, and that you're emotional about leaving her," Claudis said to him humorously, "but Tonya is coming, and she will probably be flying Badava." 

Sky, as the <em>unofficial</em> <em>prize</em> of the USMAT, was scheduled to be transported to D'Warka the following week. The Heavenly Union had arranged a platoon to ensure his safety over the journey. Claudis and Tonya would travel with the Quetzal to take care of it. The reality was that Sky was being handed over to the HU, and the only way for Blaze to get him back now was to win the tournament. The weight of the responsibility once again settled upon him a little as this realization dawned upon him. 

Finally, Blaze went back to his dorm. After a quick breakfast, he went to his room to give it a last look to ensure he had not left anything behind. His room looked a little empty without all his mess. Taking a deep breath, he turned around and walked down to join his classmates waiting in the common room. They all thanked the matron and the staff for their hospitality before marching to their carriages. 

Once they reached the rows of carriages waiting for them outside the dorm, Blaze bid farewell to each of his classmates before huddling together with Aahna, Bi, Rachel, and Kida. This time, none of the students were staying behind on campus, and were only leaving their hearts. 

"You punks are coming to watch me, right?" he asked, wrapping his arms around Rachel's and Aahna's shoulders. 

"Yep. Mom's already arranged for our travel and boarding," Aahna replied. "We all have permissions from our mothers as well. We will see you at D'Warka soon." 

"That's great! Showing off to the world won't feel the same without my <em>main minions</em> by my side," he said, before spotting Afriel speaking with her Malakim friends at a nearby carriage. 

"Oi! Big SIS!" he called her, as he had promised during the Flyball match. For the past week, he had been quite a source of embarrassment to the poor Malakim, as he took every chance to loudly proclaim her as his <em>one and only</em> <em>Big Sis</em>. "It may be a while before we see each other again, but you better not forget that you like me now." 

Afriel gave him a sheepish nod. The Flyball final had forged a bond of camaraderie that threatened to overcome their ideological differences. 

Soon, Blaze and his friends solemnly bade their goodbyes, with promises to meet again in nine years. 

Nine years is a long time for humans, but it was more like a year or two for the angels. Academy was almost akin to going to a summer camp and parting with those friends until the next year. 

oOoOo 

<strong>Don't miss the adventures of the Capricious Dragon at the end.</strong> 

<strong>Request to Readers:</strong> So, I've thought a bit about angel 'anatomy'. But it's been a long time since I took Biology, and I realized that there is no harm in taking help. If there are biologists amongst my readers or even people with an interest in the subject that want to help me create a 'realistic' fantasy biology for the angels, I would be glad to receive your help. It may not have an immediate affect on the story, but you never know... Others can feel free to post any ideas you might have in the comments. (Angel wings are energy based so they don't exactly need the bone structure/weight of a bird to fly.) 

<strong>Author's Note:</strong> Vida's Lullaby is completely my own composition. Now, you know why I don't write songs :P. I do have a tune in mind for it, but I can't make you hear it through my words, can I? 

Hope this chapter was a good resolution to Jie Er's healing, Blaze's incident with Badava, and the Flyball games. The finale shall grand! :). 

<strong>Question to readers:</strong> 

<strong>What do you think of Blaze?</strong> 

Give your answers in the <strong>poll</strong> that will appear in the <strong>comments</strong>, or feel free to type a more elaborate answer in the comments. :) 

I have received a couple of comments saying that Blaze is an immature asshole. I never intended him to be that. At least in my mind, he isn't. Maybe my writing portrays him otherwise. 

My intention was to make him a cheeky little bugger who gets into trouble cause he can. He never intends harm to anyone. Is he impulsive and emotional at times? Sure. But, that is human. That's what makes characters interesting. 

So, here is the question. 

PS: One character trait that he does have is that success makes him a little big-headed (The Badava incident, Getting his classmates drunk and so on...) That may change as he experiences real challenges. 

<strong>Q&amp;A</strong> 

Q. What do angels call History? 

A. Angelstory ðŸ˜ 

Q. What's a Superman Punch? 

A. Superman Punch is a real punch from Muay Thai, used quite a bit these days in UFC. It looks exactly like what it's supposed to mean, but I think the angels would be more suited for it, no? 

Q. If Siofra is as strong as Blaze at 30 (yeah, she turned 30 over the year), why is she not considered as big a genius as some of the others? 

A. As I mentioned in an earlier chapter, Pixies are stronger than angels when they are younger. Pixies hatch with wings, while angels take anywhere between 20-40 years to grow wings that can allow them to fly. This gives a huge advantage to the pixies. Moreover, I think the Pixies are only just beginning to find out that Siofra is talented. Even her own mother doesn't understand her strength. But the tournament will change that. 

Q. How is Asherah Eoiwagn still a diplomat with her attitude. 

A. We have only seen her be mean towards Blaze. The pixies have been discriminated against for more than 600 years. Maybe that's why she is reacting in that way towards an <em>angel</em> who is getting close to her daughter OR maybe there is something more to the whole thing. We will know more about the Pixies and their role in Azra-El in later chapters. 

Q. Why doesn't Blaze just announce how old he really is? Will the Malakim be able to keep Sky away from an angel with such potential? 

A. That's a risky move. As Anastasia said it before, it's really dangerous for Blaze to reveal his true potential before he can truly protect himself. Currently, he is just another extremely talented kid. If the Grey Ones of the Malakim think he poses them real danger, do you think they would hesitate to assassinate him? What about the demons? 

Q. Angels eat eggs?! (anonymous) 

A. Why not? People eat mammals. Where do mammals come from? Why should the angels care about eating a chicken or its egg? Mammals develop from embryos -- an egg is also an embryo. I don't see why someone can kill and eat an animal with a developed brain, while is hesitant to eat an embryo (except for the fact that it may taste bad.) 

Also, angel eggs are formed from energy feathers -- Why should they relate to a chicken's egg, except for the fact that they have similar shapes? To angels, they are nothing alike. 

The angel society is also very diverse. I never said all angels eat eggs or meat. 

Finally, why should the angels have a similar cultural inhibition as the humans. What we consider edible is vastly different among humans. (Pigs, Cows, Monkeys, Dogs, Horses ...) All of them are eaten by humans, but to some cultures they are abhorrent. Even cannibalism was a thing amongst some tribes of the past. 

PS: I am a vegetarian by choice, so I am pretty much disgusted with eating all meat. Maybe not fish... but they do stink. (Wait, a vegetarian Dragon? How is that possible? I eat stars -- they are not even organic. I guess I am a 'sol-itarian' ðŸ˜) 

<strong>Q.</strong> Angels and Crime? (Dxp) 

A. I hope I haven't given the impression that the angels can do no crime nor lie. The angels on the average are more 'good' than humans, but they still retain will and choice. That is why you have the <em>tainted</em>, the <em>misguided</em>, and the <em>Grey ones</em>. 

Siofra is a pixie. The pixies are known to be more mischievous than angels. I'd put Siofra's action of forging her mother's signature more on the naughty side than a real crime. She just wanted her freedom - maybe my view is skewed. Also, her relationship with her mother is not good. This has been established through the chapters. So, she doesn't believe she is doing something bad by going against her 'prejudiced' mother's wishes. Did she trick Fiora, Blaze, and Blaze's aunts -- yes, she did, but in her eyes, it's more of a 'white lie'. I am not going to make a judgement of my own on her actions, but the world of Azra-El might... 

Now, how do angels become tainted? 

Actions and emotions build up over time to corrupt their wings. The exact reason for the taint is debated among angel philosophers. I have given a glimpse of it in one of Blaze's conversations with Elyssa. The taint may be due to something as simple as guilt or maybe it's the World Energy 'judging'. 

Example: Let's say you've grown up in a society that demonizes 'sex'. The mere thought of doing the deed is sinful. So, anytime you feel a little horny, you feel guilty. The act of actually doing it, even worse. Slowly, over time this can corrupt your thoughts, make you hate yourself and hate the world... Gaah! I am the Joker and I wanna hurt people, sorta thing. 

However, if you are of the opinion that sex is nothing but harmless pleasure (if done safely and in moderation), then being horny is the same as craving for that big slice of chocolate cake or something else that you like. It won't affect your mind negatively. 

So, what happens if there is a sociopathic/psychopathic angel who feels no guilt over her actions? That remains to be seen (In the first place, can there be a psycho angel?) Maybe the psycho angel won't be corrupted or maybe there is something else. I am not going to tell you -- I will show you and you can make your own interpretation. That's the point. 

Coming to the demons in the future... Don't expect everything to be black and white, or dark and light. Demons are sentient beings as well. As demons, they will be more controlled by their impulses, but they do have dreams, wishes, things they care about, and their own impulses. Don't jump to conclusions until you've fully experienced them. 

Hope that answers some questions? Its possible I've missed something. 

<strong>Adventures of Capricious Dragon (continued from chapter 15)</strong> 

<em>CapDragon: Ahem. Since Phil's gone on a vacation, Betty is going to be writing this part.</em> 

<em>Betty:</em> <strong><em>You</em></strong> <em>punted him out of orbit...</em> 

<em>CD: Er... Well, it's his own fault for revolving around my tail when I was sleeping.</em> 

<em>Betty: You were the one that put him there! You said your 'glorious' tail needed some warmth.</em> 

<em>CD: You want to take a vacay too, Betty?</em> 

<em>Betty: ...</em> 

<em>CD: Don't worry, he will be fine. What can happen to a star? I don't think I hit him hard enough to send him out of the galaxy. He will just take a big revolution and come back by himself. I am sure he loves the chance to go around the galaxy!</em> 

<em>Betty: But, what if he collides with another star, or worse, a black hole?</em> 

<em>CD: The space is a vast empty place, Betty. It's very unlikely for him to hit something big enough to hurt him... probably. Anyway, start writing... The readers are getting bored.</em> 

*Betty begins writing* 

Once upon a time, a mean, little dragon killed and evaporated his first l- 

<em>CD: Never mind! Betty sucks at writing too. I am taking over. Man, a dragon can't get good help these days. Even sentient stars suck.</em> 

*Dragon takes over* 

After the big, benevolent, and awesamazing dragon <em>ascended</em> his first love into a higher realm, he cooled himself down and further condensed his form to around four feet high and eight feet long. 

Then, he took a nap. 

The sun began to set by the time he was rudely awakened from his royal slumber by a little twig prodding against his magnificent maw. 

A little, golden haired girl stood in front of him with wide, curious eyes. He was going to gobble up the pesky, offending creature, but his magnanimity made him pause. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 10|
--------------------------------------------
"Are you a <em>big</em> kitty, kitty?" the naÃ¯ve girl asked him, cutely. 

He could not understand her words, but dragons can read thoughts, so he understood her. Though he did not know what a <em>cat</em> was, from her thoughts, he understood that she was comparing him with a cute, fluffy, little creature. He wanted to gobble her up, again, but he controlled his temper. 

"I am a mighty dragon, girl. How could I be a puny cat?" he relayed his thoughts. 

"You can talk?!" the girl asked in amazement, her naÃ¯ve little brain assuming that she was hearing his speech. 

"Yes!" his voice grandly boomed through her head. "And I can do anything you can ever imagine!" 

"Can you find and bring me back my sister?" 

"Easy enough. Just think of how she looks, and I shall know who to find." 

An image of the girl's sister popped up in his mind. It was the woman he had evaporated ascended earlier by mistake. 

"Erm... what's your name, little girl?" 

"Eleanor, and my sister's name is Aela," she answered cheerfully. 

"Er... Eleanor... your sister ... um ... went to heaven. Yep, that's right. She did so many good deeds in her life that your God wanted to reward her. A stairway descended from above and spirited her away. You can't go there until you grow up and do many good deeds. Go back to your parents. Your sister is in a good place now. If you love your sister, you shouldn't wish for her to come back." 

God and heaven was a common theme amongst most sentient beings. <em>Hehe. I am so smart. I thought of everything.</em> 

"But we have no parents..." 

"Ack," the dragon coughed. "Go back to your village, child. I am sure someone will take you in." 

The girl began to cry. "Sniff... sniff... I am all alone, now... sniff... sniff." 

The magnanimous dragon's heart wrenched at the sight of the poor girl. Though her sorry fate was no fault of his, his kind heart made him reach out a paw and pet her head. 

"There, there. Don't cry. Tears are for the <em>weak</em>." 

<em>**Betty (muttering under her breath): What a farce!</em> 

<em>CD: What did you say?</em> 

<em>Betty: Nothing, my Lord Dragon. Just wondering how a mighty dragon such as yourself can be so sweet and kind! **</em> 

The girl's eyes widened as a sudden thought came to her. "You said you can do anything, right? Can you send me to heaven?" 

<em>Should I just vaporize this brat and be done with it? She is technically asking for it.</em> 

"Er... I <em>could</em>, but the rules of heaven say that you can only go there if you are kind, and er... when your time's right. Those schmucks up there won't be too happy if I force you in. And... your sister... erm, just delivered me a <em>one-way</em> message. She wants you to live a full life before you go up there." 

"Oh..." her tears started welling up again. 

"Tell you what? Why don't you show me around for a year or two? I just landed on your planet and I don't know much about it. I could use a serv- ... erm, guide. I will take care of your food and stuff." 

"Sniff... you will? ... sniff... thank you! Sniff... you're a kind dragon." 

<em>**Betty: Wow. Just... wow.</em> 

<em>CD: Do you</em> <strong><em>want</em></strong> <em>to be punted out of the galaxy, Betty?**</em> 

Thus, began the adventures of the Capricious Dragon and his sidekick, Eleanor. The dragon took her around for a couple of hundred years. The girl did not age for as long as she was by his side, for time did not affect anyone near a time-traveling space dragon, at least in humanly quantifiable measurements. 

However, the little girl ultimately got tired of immortality and wished to lead a human life. The gracious dragon that Capricious is, he returned her back to her home country of France. Then, he <em>convinced</em> a local duke to adopt her as his daughter. 

<em>**Betty</em>: <em>I wonder how many people were vaporized...**</em> 

Eleanor later went on to become the Queen of France and came to be known as Eleanor of Acquitaine. 

<em>** Dragon's Disclaimer: The Crusade was not my idea. The girl wanted to go to heaven and meet her sister, and she was convinced that waging a holy war was the best way. I was already out of her time by the time I heard of it. Tsk. You can't make humans smarter, can you? I wonder where she got the idea that there was a heaven... **</em> 

<strong>Next on Adventures of Capricious Dragon:</strong> Eleanor of Acquitaine meets Wu Zhetian. I may change my mind, though. After all, I am a capricious dragon. 

<em>**Reader who googled Wu Zhetian: This can't be right. Eleanor of Aquitaine lived in the 12</em><em><sup>th</sup></em> <em>century. Wu Zhetian is from the 7</em><em><sup>th</sup></em><em>.</em> 

<em>CD: Time and space are interconnected. An unforeseen consequence of condensing my mass to a size befitting Earth was that I began to affect the Time-Space continuum. As I traveled on land, I also traveled in time. Moreover, time is not linear. So, I ended up in random times and random places. That's all ya need to know. Don't ask questions your puny brains cannot handle.</em> 

<em>Just be grateful. During my travels, I taught and saved humanity on numerous occasions. I enlightened Moses and Buddha, and it was I that killed Hitler. I-</em> 

<em>Betty: That's obviously a lie. You aren't mature enough</em> <strong><em>or</em></strong> <em>wise enough to enlighten those great people.</em> 

<em>CD: You really want me to erase you, don't you Betty? Seems like you're itching to be devoured and farted out as a black hole.</em> 

<em>Reader: Didn't Hitler kill himself?</em> 

<em>CD: That's what I made people believe. However, if I didn't intervene, Hitler was going to become immortal, using some artifact that he found in an ancient temple. Thankfully, I was in the right place at the right time.</em> 

<em>Reader: That sounds like an Indiana Jones movie.</em> 

<em>CD: Where do you think Spielberg gets his inspiration from?</em> 

<em>Reader: ...</em> 

<em>CD: Shut up and read the story, will ya.</em> 

<em>Jpzahren (a perceptive reader/commenter): So, you are a time-traveling space dragon... But you can't really control it, can you?</em> 

<em>CD: Of course, I</em> can<em>. I just choose not to.</em> 

<em>The real Jpzahren: I never said any of those words.</em> 

<em>CD: You did in an alternate future. Since I've already mentioned it in this timeline, you won't be saying it anymore. *yawn* Anyway, I am getting sleepy now. Betty, come here.**</em> 

The dragon hugs the star as a pillow, curls up around it like a cat, and falls asleep. 

Meanwhile, some hundred thousand light years away. 

<em>Wheeeeeeeeeeeee.</em> A star streaks around the galaxy with speeds unheard of before. The speed of light pales in comparison. Nothing can see or hear this star, but it leaves cracks in space as it zips by, appearing and disappearing each time it tears a hole in the spatial fabric. Somehow, it is not destroyed by its own velocity. Instead, it slowly grows in size as it picks up matter in its path. 

** Artificial beings on Earth -- 2.54 million years in the future 

SC347589237: Overseer, we are seeing an anomaly in the Andromeda galaxy. A star is flickering as if it is sending a signal. 

Overseer: What do you mean? 

S347589237: The flickering strangely matches that of the SOS used by the humans from the twentieth century. 

Overseer: What does the message say? 

SC347589237: 'Someone, save me! I can't take any more of this Dragon.' ** 

oOo 

<strong>Response to Comments</strong> 

<em>JAFC: Did you receive any of my responses to your comments?</em> 

<em>Anons: Thank you for your support. If you make an account, you get updates :).</em> 

<em>Finbar:</em> If you didn't get to finish reading 18.1 last time, I hope you get to read both now :). Are you still on reddit? I missed your last comment on there. 

<em>MasterPD:</em> Haha. I hope 18.2 makes up for keeping you waiting. The Flyball games turned out pretty good, I think. It pleases me that they are good even for people who don't watch baseball or cricket - my editors' opinions. Thank you for your support, Patrick. I will try to get to the top of your 4-author list with the finale. 

<em>Jpzahren:</em> Hope you don't mind me including you in my Dragon story. But, I am sure you were glad to have the opportunity to speak with a being such as I. 

Fatherhood - I am sure it is, but not everyone is prepared for it. I sure as hell am not :P. How are things going for you, otherwise? 

I hope Badava's reconciliation was good. I remember your words from chapter 11 - honestly, I wanted to keep up to those expectations. 

<em>Anonymous - Future Vision?</em>: What's that in his ankles? Wings, fins, or something else. Probably wings like Hermes, but let's see. That's far away.. 

<em>Upagainsttheredline: "</em>Where we gathered around the fire to hear from the storyteller." Your little excerpt makes me wanna write more. My granny was an amazing storyteller. She only ever told me a few stories, but I would forget everything else when she did. 

That's why I want to create a whole world. Write stories within stories... reforge my character's lives. Make them as real as they are fantastic! And if I have created it, it must exist somewhere - even if it is in my own mind. 

<em>Anonymous</em> (Passing thoughts): You might be onto something with the geography teacher incident, but sometimes coincidences work in weird ways. You do something to achieve one thing and it does something else... 

Lynn... you will know soon enough. 

<em>Anonymous</em> (future back): Elyssa will meet Lynn. But the drama will come from elsewhere. 

<em>Anonymous</em> (love the series so far): Is there a backstory to Blaze's transportation? There are two possibilities - either Blaze's transportation is just a freak occurrence of nature, or there is some back story. I am not gonna give it away so easily, am I? 

Butt wings? That's just like Blaze. You've only got yourself to blame for if I ever implement this idea. Hermes has wings on Ankles, so I was going for something like that. Lets see... I still have time to finalize it. 

We definitely share our ideas on what a good story means - Both my current editors do too. Birds of the same feather? I never liked info dumps. I like my readers to figure out and make interpretations from my writing, cause when you find the answers it is all the more satisfying. But I am not sure if I am a good enough writer to do that yet, so I include some Q&amp;As 

Glad that you want to write. My unsolicited advice is to keep writing, take positive feedback, and work on it. It does wonders. Good luck. 

If you want to help. I would be happy to take it. Just send me a PM with your email. Or you can continue posting comments. They help too. 

<em>Readerreaderfi</em>c: Oh, no. How have things been? Go see some otters in the zoo with your gf like you did before - maybe it will help. I am glad reading about Blaze lifts your spirits. And oh, I imagine Blaze is gonna have several kids. Nova will be the first. 

Jeffrey shall be back at some point. He is the 'mysterious stranger' of my story. There will be an arsenal of exotic animals, but they will not all belong to Blaze. Like how Badava belongs to Tonya. Splash is Rebecca's, and so on... 

The tattoo on Seshat is not permanent. The ones on the Vikings and the smith aren't. 

Blaze's house. Knowing how lazy he is, I doubt he'd ever build one. But hey, I can always make one for him. Just built by some other poor, hardworking angel. I could work on a design when time comes. 

Tainted wings: Check out the Q&amp;A section's last Q. 

Techniques: Some of them are complementary but others aren't. You can't use one form of soaring technique and replace it with another, but you can surely use a flying technique alongside a combat one... 

The ghost will remain a mystery for now, but that incident wasn't written on a whim. Some adventures can be incidental, but this one isn't. Not entirely.
--------------------------------------------
|The Azra-El Series Ch. 19|
--------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 1|
--------------------------------------------
<strong>The Azra-El Series</strong> 

<strong>The Heavenly Union</strong> 

I would like to apologize for the long wait for this final. I hope it is worth the wait :). Also, I hope all of you are staying safe from the Hela Damned COVID-19. This is a little gift to all those stuck in their homes. May it help you not think about the things happening in the world, right now. Enjoy! 

<strong>Editors:</strong> Chris "Magnum" Anow, "Ser" DrasticExplorer 

<strong>Proofreader</strong>: PinkuLady- resident fruit and flavor expert. 

<strong>Obligatory Warnings:</strong> 

<ol> <li> Check out the map of D'Warka in my artworks. It's not strictly necessary, but it is a neat map (I think, since I made it...). </li>

<li> I suggest that you guys play the remake of "Lose Yourself" by Robyn Adele Anderson, when the time is right :P. </li>

<li> 0% naked girls 


0% dirty language 

0% Sex 

30% Action 

20% Mystery 

20% Drama 

30% Story 

100% Awesome, no, 100% Reason to remember the name. 

Just kidding. The 0%s are a lie. </li>

<li> There are 3 sex scenes this chapter. The first and the second have been heavily influenced by DrasticExplorer. If you have no interest in the sex scenes, feel free to skip to the end of the scene once the scene truly begins, and read a few lines before the 'end of the scene' marker. </li>

<li> There is a quick recap for those who need it before the start of the chapter. </li> </ol>

<strong>Special Thanks to all my readers:</strong> <em>Ted Miller, Tom Ail, Pinku Lady, Awilix38, Michael Sanchez, Stuhero, Gregorious,</em> <em>Marcel Hearns, Fjiordor, Daniel, Mike Siegmund, BangDi, BramBora, David Valverde,</em> <em>Fips, Yamibomb,</em> <em>BLiz, Eliyahu Bogart, Max Lambon, RogueXVII,</em> <em>Matt Miller,</em> <em>Curtis, RandomTask, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal, Will Shaddox</em> for supporting my work thus far. 

<strong>Terminology</strong> 

Angel: It's the generic word. Can indicate any sentient of the "'light"'. 

Merangel: Mami Wata, Undine, and a variety of water nymphs. 

<strong>Lore:</strong> 

<strong>Seraphim and Justice:</strong> As justice is a necessity of all stable societies, the Seraphim are widely prevalent in all nations. However, the type of justice the Seraphim appear to support varies from each nation. 

Angel Justice is derivative of philosophy and religion. However, there is no singular religious text that they base it on. It evolves with philosophy, but the philosophical zeitgeist is usually ahead of the norm. 

<em>Retributive Justice:</em> All angel nations try to keep away from this form of justice. However, it doesn't prevent individuals from seeking out retribution. 

<em>Deterrence:</em> Very popular in the Caledonian Empire, where it applies mostly to tainted angels. 

<em>Rehabilitation:</em> How most crime is addressed. 

<em>Reparation:</em> Most victims receive some form of reparation from the society or the perpetrator. 

<em>Incapacitation:</em> Used to justify actions against the demons. 

<em>Denunciation:</em> Considered by the angels as the most powerful tool to prevent crime by angels. 

<em>Divine Justice: Righteous Fury</em> is seen as a form of divine justice. 

Of course, all these broad varieties of justice are used in conjunction with each other, but they vary in importance across nations. 

<strong>Character Descriptions</strong> (relevant to the chapter) 

<strong>Minion Army</strong> 

<strong><em>Aahna Maitreya</em></strong><strong>:</strong> A cheerful, talkative and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the <em>de facto</em> class representative of Class 1A. She is a cute violet-haired angel with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder length hair and is around 5'2. 

<strong><em>Bi Tru'ng</em></strong>: A lanky, black-haired unassuming girl with almond shaped mahogany brown eyes. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6. She doesn't talk much, but her initial shyness has turned into a silent confidence over the year, at least around her classmates. 

<strong><em>Rachel Arianrhod</em></strong>: She is a confident &amp; combative kid with boyish-short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. 

Her mother is a knight captain in the cloud nine regiment and, thus, she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She initially didn't like pixies but has grown used to Siofra. 

<strong><em>Kida</em></strong>: A black-haired girl with Japanese features. She is a good batter in Flyball and amazing at arts and crafts. She carved the Pegasi toys for Blaze that were used to terrify Badava. Of course, she didn't know what Blaze was going to use them for. 

<strong><em>Azalea:</em></strong> Blaze met this young and exuberant, Mami Wata, at Riverbridge, when he visited a Mamgi grove. She has extremely long cyan hair, and a light greyish-purple skin. She has a pretty face with a prominent, but cute, button nose, and a pair of large angular golden eyes. Her mermaid tail has the color of a goldfish, with a large fluffy fan at the end. 

She and Blaze had a good rapport, despite their short meeting. 

<strong>Others</strong>: 

<strong><em>Lynn Streltsy:</em></strong> <em>Blaze's Kindred?</em> Blaze has met her multiple times since his first trip to Sekat, and she always leaves an unforgettable impression on him. At Riverbridge she involves Blaze in a plot to expose some of the Princeps and obtain valuable information regarding their activities. 

Blaze is not entirely sure of her appearance as she is always in a disguise, but he is always captivated by her beautiful, slightly upturned, purple eyes, the only things that she cannot disguise. Her wings are silver in color and she may have similarly colored hair. She is lean and over six feet tall. 

<strong><em>Clio Elen Mousa</em></strong><em>:</em> She comes from a long line of professional journalists, some of whom have been quite famous in their times. She works for the Aranyan Weekly. 

She has lucid, hazel-green eyes, and medium-length yellow hair with curly locks at the front. She usually carries a silvery short sword. She is lean and petite, and her whole body is covered in freckles, except for her breasts. Her breasts are small, but her ass is wonderfully curvy. She comes to the Aranyan princess's party, dressed as a bee. 

<strong><em>Aurnia Flynn:</em></strong> She is Rebecca's mother, and a retired captain of the HU army. She is 327 years old, but the only physical signs of her age are the lines under her eyes, which are mostly covered by the winged red mascara that compliment her magenta eyes. She has thick, deep crimson hair, tied in a comfortable top bun, and a diamond shaped vermillion mark adorns the center of her forehead. Aurnia loves to tell stories and is very good at it. 

<strong><em>Brija Dhara:</em></strong> Brija was introduced in chapter 5. She is the Aranyan angel who had placed 5th in the previous YAMAT. Blaze makes a wager against her to win Elyssa's spear at the auction. It ends with Blaze and Brija ending up in bed. Astrid says in Chapter 5 that Brija may be one of the toughest opponents that Elyssa may face in the YAMAT. Brija comes from a commoner background. 

<strong><em>Anastasia Marigold</em></strong><em>: S</em>he is the Duchess of Cali and shares a striking resemblance with her daughter, Elyssa. 

She is a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She has piercing gray eyes that seem to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that is put up in a fontange. 

She is a beautiful mature woman with plenty of cleavage, bony hips and long thighs. But being a stickler for the Bro Code, Blaze plans on keeping his hands off her. 

Anastasia has a warm and welcoming personality, but she exudes a natural air of nobility; poise and elegance. She makes people feel safe and that everything around her is under her control. 

<strong><em>General Lynn Sturm</em></strong><em>:</em> Elyssa's other mother. She has a loud and jovial personality while she is with people she likes, but that changes quite quickly when someone gets on her nerves. Her voice is grand and deep, but still feminine. 

She has reddish flaxen hair, held in a short but voluminous ponytail, bushy and parted bangs, prominent and angular brows, sharp dark green eyes, and pursed lips that makes her look like the serious sort. Her angular face, tanned skin, wide shoulders, and a tight armor made her appear quite handsome. She also has a thin but visible scar, running diagonally across her eyebrow and down her cheekbone. 

<strong><em>Agatha Agnes:</em></strong> Jie Er's old acquaintance and friend, and Blaze's second paramour in the world of Azra-El. She runs a clothing store at Varan and has made most of Blaze's clothing. She is a businesswoman at heart, but she has formed a friendship with Blaze and has even gifted him some handmade clothes. 

<strong><em>Thyra:</em></strong> She is the only protegee of Valinna Strom. Thyra is a serious angel, completely dedicated towards her craft. Valinna seems to value her skill and creativity. She was the architect and maker of Blaze's gauntlets. 

She is a tall, lean angel, with a long voluminous mass of braided golden blonde hair that reaches her ankles. She has sparkling turquoise eyes and plump red lips. Her golden eyebrows are sharply angled, give her a perpetually serious expression 

<strong><em>Tara Maitreya</em></strong><strong>:</strong> Aahna's mother. She has long greyish white hair and tawny colored skin. She looks like an older version of Aahna, but her calm and serene vibe contrasts her daughter. She is the Vice head of Vidisha, a large merchant guild. 

<strong><em>Cardinal Amanah Tudor:</em></strong> She is a hawkish angel and seems to wield a lot of power in the Malakim. An exceptionally beautiful angel, who doesn't care to hide that she is very dangerous. With golden blonde hair, a perfectly shaped and slightly upturned nose, deep set hazel eyes, and an angular jawline, she is almost a perfect specimen of beauty. Yet, the only emotion she evoked in Blaze was to get away from her as fast as he could. She dresses modestly but everything else about her is pompous and arrogant. 

<strong><em>Priscilla Ainsworth:</em></strong> She is a brunette with long hair held in two ostentatious pigtails. She is quite beautiful with brilliant blue eyes, long lashes, a perfect nose and pouty red lips. However, her beauty is too perfect and seems made up. Her wings are beautiful, white, and radiant. 

<strong><em>A Quick, Full Recap:</em></strong> Blaze hatches out of a large, feathery egg and is taken in by a kind, mysterious angel named Jie Er. Rebecca, a boisterous but well-meaning lieutenant in the Red Rose division of the Angelic army, unexpectedly becomes a part of the group. 

At Varan, a nearby city, Blaze forms a friendship with a young 60-year-old angel, named Elyssa, who turns out to be the daughter of a popular Duchess. 

One day, he picks up a baby Quetzal, while trying to rescue a carnike from the jaws of a Xenodon. Sky, the quetzal, soon becomes a part of Blaze's new makeshift family. 

Blaze begins to attend Tir academy, along with Elyssa. While trying to defend Siofra, a pixie, from being bullied by an angel of the Malakim, Blaze displays the Righteous Fury. As the youngest Righteous Fury in ages, his name quickly resounds throughout the Heavenly Union, and he comes to be known as "Blazing Fury". 

One day, while training with his classmates at Tir, Sky and Splash (an otter) show up at the academy, in search of Blaze. At first, the angels are suspicious of Sky, as the only quetzals they know of are demonic. However, once they realize that Sky is, in fact, the first angelic quetzal, everyone in the HU starts vying for its ownership. 

A meeting of delegates at Tir decides that in order to retain the ownership of Sky, Blaze must prove himself first and place at least 3rd in the upcoming Under Sixty Martial Arts Tournament (USMAT). If not, Sky will be raised by Nikolett Lovag, a talented knight in training, considered to be the most likely person to win the tournament. 

Thus, begins Blaze's training. 

During the first break from the academy, Jie Er trains him at Mt. Raivataka, where he meets Valinna Strom and her apprentice Thyra. Thyra offers to make him a pair of novel gauntlets. Blaze also befriends an arctot, a large bear-like creature, and names him "Jeffery". 

During one particularly intense training session, due to intense pent up emotions, Blaze loses the control of his mind. When he wakes up, he finds out that he had attacked Jie Er, though he had also healed some of her taint. Jie Er consoles him over his distress. 

The next break, Blaze and Elyssa stay back at the academy for a special training session with students coming from the country of Xian. Blaze meets a princess named Chengguan Shangdi, and they quickly become friends. 

On the third break, Blaze and Siofra accompany Jie Er and Rebecca to train at Riverbridge, a town on the southern coast of the Purple Sea. Jie Er requests her old friend and rival, Fulla Frejadottir, to teach Blaze the way of the berserker. While taking a break from training, Blaze attends a party, along with Fulla's daughter, Ragna. 

There, he runs into Lynn Streltsy, a young angel, whose eyes never fail to bedazzle him. Finally, he musters up the courage to talk to her, and after a dance and an evening together, she invites him on a "date" the next day. 

The date proves to be a spy mission to obtain information about a nefarious organization called the "Princeps". Blaze is pulled into more than he bargained for and the night ends with an energy blast at the Princeps' meeting place. Blaze is rendered unconscious and wakes up back at Fulla's place. 

Blaze completes his final stretch of training and his final term at Tir. During one of the shorter breaks, he manages to completely heal Jie Er's tainted wings, and she is finally able to once again use her archangel wings to their full potential. 

After winning a dramatic Flyball tournament at Tir, Blaze bids his farewell to Tir and his friends, and returns to Varan to prepare to head over to D'Warka, a major port city of Caledonia, where the tournament is to be held. 

<strong>oOo</strong> 

<em>"People are often quick to judge something as flawed when it doesn't align with their beliefs. They ask the question, 'Why is this wrong?', and find answers accordingly. However, it is often prudent to ask, 'Why is this</em> <strong><em>not</em></strong> <em>wrong?' for they may find that it is their own premise or assumption about that particular something that is flawed."</em> -- Aspasia Saras Marigold, a monk of the Chayot and mother of Astrid Athene Marigold. 

<em>"Philosophy -- It (referring to the Philosophy of someone or her own) is wise if you understand and agree with it. It is esoteric if you do not understand it. It becomes foolish if you disagree with it." -- also by Aspasia Marigold.</em> 

<strong>Chapter 19</strong> 

The legend of D'Warka was not an unfamiliar one. Earth had many similar legends. 

The island city was once a pinnacle of power and civilization. The angels of the city held such strength, that the legend states that they hatched as archangels. Even the demons, at times, deferred to their power. 

However, a great cataclysm in the Purple Sea caused the city to sink to its depths and took the city's denizens along with it. No one could be sure why the angels, who could have easily flown away, perished along with their city; there are only conjectures that attempt to explain why, the most popular being that the power of the D'Warkans was somehow intertwined to their land and, thus, their fates. 

Eight hundred years ago, an earthquake rearranged the faults and brought the sunken land back to the surface. Though absent of sentient life and covered in beautiful, yet eerie, colors of moss, corals, and anemones, the ancient structures of the city were still intact. 

Angels from near and far flooded to occupy the city and its wealth, but very few dared to live inside the original buildings, afraid of linking their fates to the city, just like the ancient D'Warkans. Ill fate seemed to beset anyone who did try, until the rulers of Caledonia sent out a decree forbidding anyone to reside within the original structures. 

Thus, the new city of D'Warka was built atop the ancient buildings, made of a lime-green stone called "malachite" that seemed to not erode with time. As a result, every house in D'Warka had at least one unoccupied floor of malachite. 

In time, the malachite floors turned out to be a boon in disguise. D'Warka was located within the confines of a massive semi-circular atoll that served to magnify the high tide, which regularly flooded the lower city under almost fifteen feet of sea water. Thus, the indelible malachite protected the newer buildings, while the angels of the city quickly learned to use the tides to transport goods around the city, and expanded the city well into the continental shelf. 

The water in the city also allowed for the Undine, a race of sea nymphs, to take up residence inside the city. Some claimed that the Undine were the original residents of D'Warka, cursed to never fly again. However, historical data indicated that most Undine settled down in D'Warka only after it resurfaced. 

The appearance of the Undine was a little different from the Mami Wata -- their skin was a shade of light blue, instead of purple. To a colorblind angel, they might even be indistinguishable from one another. Collectively, the water nymphs of Azra-El were known as merangels. 

*** 

It was a sweltering and cloudless Hadie afternoon in D'Warka when four viridian-plated carriages, lined in silver and gold, swept over the walls of the city. They were escorted by a platoon of sixteen Aranyan soldiers, riding magnificent looking war-Pegasi. 

However, their grand entrance did not receive any more than a curious glance from the citizens of D'Warka. With the USMAT and YAMAT tournaments just around the corner, they had become accustomed to such glamour; there was no lack of nobility coming from all around the continent to watch or take part in the tournament. 

Blaze and Elyssa peered out at the city below, through the windows of their carriage; neither of them had been to the city before, and its sights filled them with wonder. 

The midday sun gleamed off the surface of the smoothly polished malachite and covered the entire city in a brilliant hue of emerald. 

Sailboats and ships floated in the sea that surrounded the city, and the bright sunlight reflecting off the surface of the water and the white sails made it hard for the two angels to keep their eyes on them for too long. The name "Purple Sea" originated from a purple-colored floating weed that was prevalent in the sea, but the waters around D'Warka were mostly clear. 

To the south of the city was a massive port, moored with boats, caravels, and venetian ships. Their general shape was similar to their Earthly counterparts, but even from afar, Blaze could make out their piscine nature. The rudders, sides, and the masts had a spiny, fish-like appearance to them, making him wonder if the merangels were the architects of these ships. 

Canals and moats replaced streets in D'Warka, and enormous manatees pulled floating cargo over the water. Angels, Gryphons, and a few Pegasi occupied the air over the city. Gryphons were the more popular flying mounts in D'Warka, as they could easily land and take off from perches and rooftops. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 2|
--------------------------------------------
The resplendent tails of the Undine bobbed in and out of the water of the canals, their scales sparkling like precious stones. The adult Undine guided the manatee-driven cargo, while the younger ones zipped around on deliveries. A few played with angel children while some others took care of floating stalls. Everyone was busy. 

Blaze spotted an angel from a sidewalk holler out to an Undine tending to one of the floating stalls and the Undine swiftly delivered her a packaged lunch. 

The convoy flew towards the center of the city, which even the highest tides never reached. The "Heaven District" housed the rich and the nobility of D'Warka. A magnificent Victorian-like stone castle stood at the center, surrounded, but not quite hidden, by a lush green forest. A beautiful freshwater lake lay to its east. 

As the carriages reached the threshold of dry land, the convoy came to a halt. 

"Are you sure you don't want to stay with us, Jie Er? The Duchess of D'Warka has graciously provided us with a manor," Anastasia asked Jie Er. 

"Thank you, Anastasia," Jie Er replied. "I prefer the anonymity of staying in the lower city. Besides, Blaze's friends shall be arriving tomorrow. I am sure he would prefer to hang out with them," she said, glancing at him. 

"Wanna come with us, Ely?" Blaze poked his foot at Ely's. 

"I <em>wish</em>. Unlike you, I do not have the luxury of opting out of having to meet and greet the <em>important</em>," Elyssa shook her head with a sigh. "I will come find you when I have the time." 

"Well, call me if you get too fed up with the Caledonian nobility. I will abduct you in the middle of the night. How funny would it be to read the headlines '<em>The Blazing Fury kidnaps Elyssa Marigold'?</em>" 

"Please do." 

"Do you want me to send someone to escort you, Jie Er?" Anastasia asked. 

"No, that will defeat the purpose, but thank you." 

Jie Er took Blaze into her arms as they stepped off the carriage. The convoy headed to the east side of the district, while Jie Er dove down towards one of the larger streets with a small wooden wharf reaching out into the water. A couple of gondolas were moored to the quay. 

Both Jie Er and Blaze were wearing black wigs. Their faces were also touched up a little, just enough to enable them to blend into the crowd. 

An Undine in a loincloth and a scaled fish-skin bikini lay lazing on one of the boats, under the shade of an umbrella. A tight netted skirt was wrapped around her thighs and over her loincloth. 

As soon as Jie Er landed on the wharf, she opened her eyes and sat up straight. 

"Istera! Welcome to D'Warka," she said, with a cheery smile. "Fifteen plats for a regular tour, twenty for a special." 

"<em>Istera</em>" was the Caledonian equivalent of "madame". It was mainly used by those of lower statuses to address those of a higher status, and was unique to the society of Caledonia, though some of the nations influenced by its imperial past used it to a certain degree. 

"We just wish to go to Hotel Valanor," Jie Er said, setting Blaze on his feet. 

"Oh..." 

"You can just give us directions if you don't want to drive us." 

"Oh no, istera. It would be my pleasure to bring you there. Three plats." 

"Tell you what," Jie Er smiled at her. "Come by the hotel around seven or eight, and you can take us around on a special tour. I hear the city is beautiful at night." 

"It's a <em>deal</em>, istera," the Undine perked up, giving Blaze a hand as he got onto her boat. "The city is indeed very pretty at night. When the waters are calm and the traffic disappears, the malachite <em>gleams</em> under the moonlight and the stars sparkle over the water surface like <em>precious gems</em>." 

Jie Er and Blaze settled down and the Undine jumped into the water. Pale blue energy wrapped around her legs and quickly formed into a long and beautiful fishtail. Perhaps it was because Blaze had grown accustomed to wings, but he found the mermaid's scales prettier than feathers. 

Dragging a rope over her shoulder, the Undine pulled the boat through the channels of the lower city. With over half-a-million inhabitants, D'warka was one of the most populated cities of the Heavenly Union, and the lower city was a tightly-packed place. 

However, the architecture of the place was exquisite. Sturdy-looking stone bridges arched over the canal, connecting the floating sidewalks made of wood. A variety of intricate carvings and statues made of alabaster lined the outside of the bridges and the roofs of the buildings. Spiral stone stairways rose from the water and up to the flat terraces. Every terrace had at least one clothesline, with colorful clothes left out to dry. 

The gondolier pulled them to their destination in under ten minutes, not giving Blaze enough time to appreciate the city. 

Hotel Valanor was not very large but it looked unfussy and comfortable. It was owned by the Aranyan merchant guild, and Jie Er had coordinated with Tara Maitreya to book a few rooms. Tara, Aahna, Bi, Rachel, and Kida were also set to stay at Hotel Valanor, but they were not due to arrive until the next day, along with Sky and everyone else from his academy. 

Jie Er paid their boat driver, and an Undine standing by the door of the hotel politely invited them in. 

"Brachel!" Blaze heard a shout as soon as he stepped inside. He quickly spotted Azalea rushing over to him. 

A woman who bore some resemblance to Agatha, and Baozhai Rong, Azalea's adoptive mother, sat in the lounge in deep discussion, but when they saw Jie Er and Blaze, they stood up and quickly walked over to greet them. 

"Brachel!" Azalea exclaimed again, taking his hands into hers. "Have you seen my new advertisement pamphlets? I never expected to become so famous! Now, even I must go around with my hair dyed. Can you imagine a young Mami Wata who is well-known amongst the angels?!" 

Azalea's cyan hair was now dyed a light green, and she wore a simple silken white skirt and top. Her skirt was tightly held around her hips by a netted second layer. 

"That's great! But you must know by now that my name is Blaze, Azalea," he sighed, "Not Brachel." 

"I know that! But, are you not trying to be discreet?" she said, eyeing his black hair. However, Blaze had an inkling that Azalea just wanted to call him "Brachel" because she found it funny. 

So, he rolled his eyes at her and turned to Medina. "Hello, Min Medina. It's a pleasure to finally meet you." 

Medina Agnes was Agatha's older sister. She was the real brains behind the The Blazing Furies company, while Baozhai Rong was the primary investor. She was shorter and leaner than Agatha but had the same purple hair. Her face was also narrower and shrewder than Agatha's. 

"The pleasure is mine, Ms. Blaze. Welcome to D'Warka, Ms. Jie Er. Agatha called us this morning to notify us of your arrival. We have been waiting. Do you wish to have some lunch?" 

Agatha was still in Varan, preparing a shipment for the new store they were to open in D'Warka. She was going to arrive in a few days, along with the shipment, while Medina and Baozhai arrived early to work on the advertising side of things. 

Blaze and Jie Er had a quick lunch with the three of them, before they were shown to their room. Tara had managed to book four rooms on the same floor. Medina and Baozhai took their leave, while Azalea stayed back to hang out with Blaze. 

After three continuous days of travel, Jie Er wished for a comfortable nap, so the two younger angels decided to head out into town on their own. 

"Want to go for a swim, Brachel?" Azalea asked, after Blaze freshened up and swapped his clothes for a pair of silken swim trunks and shirt. 

"I won't be able to keep up with you in water, Az. How about a boat ride?" 

"You can ride on my back. It will be faster, easier, and more fun." 

"Is that alright? Seems a bit disrespectful," he wondered. 

"It is fine if it is a child or a wingless angel," she said, brushing his concerns aside as she ushered him out of the hotel. As soon as they stepped out, she hopped off the sidewalk and into the water. 

It was almost as if she was always itching to be inside the water. Plucking out another vagina clip from under her skirt, she adjusted her skirt and began to manifest her tail. The clip reminded Blaze of the one he had in his space ring, but he did not bring it up. It was his, now. 

Azalea's long hair was like a cloak over her back as it hid the cyan scales of her butt that bobbed up and over the surface, as she held onto the edge of the sidewalk with her hands. 

Turning around against the wood, she patted her back cheerily, "Get on board, sailor." 

"What are you, a boat?" Blaze chuckled. Azalea seemed to possess a child-like sense of humor that was not unlike his own. 

"Nope, I am a ship," she responded. "SS. Az. The fastest <em>clipper</em> in the Purple Sea. No, the entire world! Get on before this <em>ship</em> decides to leave you stranded!" 

Blaze glanced around to see if anyone was watching, but it seemed like no one cared about their antics. 

Most residents of D'Warka wore hats to protect their heads from the hot tropical sun. An Undine selling fruit nearby was wearing a straw hat with a wide rim, and it reminded Blaze of Lynn and the hat he had swiped from her. 

"Do you have a hat?" he asked Azalea. 

"I think so. Let me check," she said, touching her space ring and sending her energy into it. Space rings were pricey objects, and Azalea had not possessed one when they had met at Puhar. Things seemed to have changed since then. 

"I have this," Azalea said, pulling out a brown wide-brimmed hat with a little purple flower stitched into the side. 

Blaze grabbed it from her and placed it on his head. "This is mines, now," he snickered. 

"Hey! Stop stealing my stuff," she laughed, shaking her head. 

"Hehe." 

Sitting down on the wharf, Blaze slipped into the water and onto Azalea's back, wrapping his arms around her neck. "How can a ship set sail without its captain?" he asked, jokingly, wondering whether he might find a better <em>grip</em> if he lowered his hands a little. 

"SS. Az needs no captain. Captain needs SS. Az." 

Azalea's entire body was so smooth that water droplets rolled off her frictionless skin like little balls. Remembering how fast she could swim, Blaze decided he needed to find <em>a good place</em> to hold on to. Her breasts seemed tantalizing, but he decided against it. He wrapped his legs around her hips and held her bony wide shoulders, as he sat against her lower back. 

Her upper body was steady over the water, but his butt could feel the powerful strokes of her tail that kept them afloat. "Let's go, shippy," he patted her shoulder. 

"It is <em>SS. Az</em>," Azalea said in mock seriousness. "Get it right. <em>Ships</em> take offense to being called "shippy" or "boaty". Anyway, where do you want to go?" 

"<em>My apologies</em>, <em>SS. Az</em>. Please enlighten me about all the great places of D'Warka!" 

"Well... we could go to the entertainment district. They have museums, the Opera House, art places, and such, if you are into that sort of thing. There are also the water parks, but those can be a little expensive. The commercial district has some nice restaurants... I could also just show you the docks and take you around the port." 

Blaze mused over her suggestions, but none of them seemed grand enough for a Mami Wata ride. "How about you take me somewhere only a merangel can go?" 

"Ooh, okay. I think I know <em>just</em> the place. But first, do you mind if we meet up with some of my friends? I promised to meet them after lunch," she said with a downward stroke of her tail that propelled them forward. 

"Sure." 

As Azalea zipped through the canals, she weaved between the transport boats and other Undine in the water. The canals of D'Warka were busy places with a lot of traffic, but Azalea was adept at navigating them, squeezing between the narrower gaps and rushing through the larger ones. 

"How do you have friends in D'Warka? I thought you were from Alkebulan?" Blaze asked, trying to get used to riding a mermaid. It was nothing like a Pegasus. The body of a Pegasus was usually stable once they began soaring in the air. Even the occasional flap of a Pegasus' wings caused little disturbance to its rider. 

However, water was a lot denser than air, and mermaids used their entire bodies to move through it. Moreover, the lack of a solid surface under them made it hard to get used to the movements. Blaze had to press his thighs against Azalea's hip and tightly hold on to her shoulders to keep himself from being thrown off. However, it was a thrill, though the <em>thought</em> of her scaled butt hitting against his made things a bit more complicated than necessary. 

"I <em>was</em> from Alkebulan. I came here with my hatch mother when she came looking to make some money. We lived here for 15 years before she passed away from an accident at the port." 

"I am sorry..." 

"I was an orphan in the south shanty for five years before <em>mother</em> picked me up. So, I know a lot of Undine from my time in the shanty. We are going there to meet up with them. I must warn you though, the south shanty is not a pretty place." 

"What do you mean? 

"You will know once we get there." 

Azalea swam through the water with the agility of an eel. She curved around the larger boats and avoided the smaller ones with nimble movements that seemed impossible for a normal swimmer. She even used some of the larger boats as leverage to turn around corners, gripping them to push herself and divert her momentum in the direction she required. 

Azalea mainly used the side streets to race across the city. The primary canals were deeper and wider, but the secondary ones had less traffic, which allowed her to swim faster. She traveled south-east, giving Blaze glimpses of the dockyard filled with hundreds of fishing boats and merchant ships, the waterproofed elevated warehouses, the colorful merchant quarters housing a diverse group of angels, and the dreary and loud industrial district. 

As the water level got higher, the smell of sea salt, fish, and seaweed began to grow heavier. Azalea turned north-east at the beginning of the port block and swam down south-east through the east industrial district. Finally, they burst across a layer of foam and entered the south shanty. 

Immediately, the pungent smell of rotting fish and seaweed hit Blaze like a wet rag. Having grown accustomed to the usually pollution-free, pleasant-smelling air of Azra-El, the sudden odor made him feel dizzy and nauseous. 

The shanty was a grubby and tightly-packed place. Hundreds of elevated shacks on wooden poles stood over small cordoned-off blocks that served as pens for aquaculture. 

Young Undine kids played around while keeping an eye on their fish, crustaceans, and mollusks, protecting them from the annoying seagulls. Seagulls, it seemed, were the same in any world. The diet of merangels was heavily comprised of crustaceans and mollusks, but they did not eat fish. <em>Angels</em> ate fish. 

White-bellied sea eagles soared the skies above the shanty, and above them flew a couple of <em>pelagorns</em> â€”gigantic albatrosses of Azra-Elâ€” whose bodies were almost the size of an adult angel. 

"Like the smell?" Az teased him, as she swam through the narrow gaps between the shacks. The shanties did not have streets, just awkward gaps that the inhabitants learned to navigate. 

"Nothing I can't get used to," he replied, noticing the slightly apologetic tone in her voice. He looked around and found that the only sentient beings in the shanty were the Undine. 

Realization slowly struck him. The Undine were <em>labor!</em> They weren't exactly living in harmony with the angels of D'warka, as he had presumed. 

"Are the Undine <em>enslaved?</em>" he asked, in trepidation. Though he realized that not all angels were nice, slavery was not something he could accept. 

"Of course not! Don't be silly. Where do you think we are? The Hela Empire?!" she said, sounding a little offended. 

"Then, why do they choose to live here? They are mermaids! Isn't there a vast sea out there? They could live anywhere they wanted!" 

The shanty wasn't as bad as the slums of Earth, but Blaze couldn't imagine anyone willingly living in it. 

"Huh?" she said, taking a moment to answer. "Are you really so <em>naÃ¯ve</em>? Do you not go to one of the best academies of Azra-El?" 

Blaze was irked at being called naÃ¯ve, but he couldn't deny his ignorance. "I-I don't really understand <em>this...</em>" 

Azalea sighed. "It's alright. I guess you have lived a sheltered life. I do not know how to explain it either. There are so many reasons. 

"For some, this is their <em>home</em>. Others are simply here to make money like my mother did. The wage of a laborer is meagre, but it can be saved up. I am not saying their life is great, but it is a civilized life. It is better than living out in the <em>wild</em> <em>sea</em> like a beast. Besides, most of the Undine I know do not plan on living here forever. They are here to make some quick money and go back to their hometowns. The only problem is that the quest for more is never-ending..." 

"Hmm...," he mused over her words. "Do all the Undine live here?" 

"Most of them. Some of the higher paid ones move into the north shanty. There are a few even in District C, but I don't think there is a single merangel in D'Warka who can afford to live in the higher districts. I don't count, as my wealth is my mother's, and she is an angel." 

"Are the Undine paid the same as the angels?" 

"No... but it makes sense because the angels can fly." 

"But the mermaids are stronger, aren't they?" 

"So is a manatee," she shrugged, before muttering something inaudible under her breath. 

Blaze tried to make sense of it all. The hardship of the Undine made some sense in a purely economic perspective. Food for example was not easy to obtain-- angels needed special food. It was one of the reasons why the sentient population of Azra-El was so small compared to the size of the land. 

Just like not all vegetation was edible for angels, not all creatures were edible, either. It was one of the first things he had learned in Tir's biology classes. The vegetables, fruits, and even meat that he was eating was not normal. For example, a regular chicken was as edible to an Angel as grass was to humans. 

He hadn't thought much of it before since everything about Azra-El was fantastical in his mind, but now he realized that everything had <em>real</em> ramifications. <em>Life</em> was never easy. The more power one had, the more one needed to sustain it - time and effort. 

However, the inequality between the angels and the merangels was hard to digest, especially as he did not wish to let go of his utopian view of the angels, despite having been exposed to the darker side of things. 

"Azalea!" a yell brought Blaze out of his contemplation. 

An Undine with cyan hair like Azalea's original hair was sitting along the edge of a deck, her long Undine legs dangling off the deck while she waved her arm at them. Three Undine and a pelagorn sat by her side. The pelagorn was huddled up beside her like a duck, lazily dozing in the sun. Its body was white like the clouds, but its wings were a deep blackish-purple. 

All four Undine were around Azalea's age. 

Azalea quickly swam over to the shack. 

"Hiya, Bayou, guys," she said to the Undine. "This is Brachel. I am planning to take her to the Mid-Way Reef. Want to come?" 

"Of course. We took the day off to spend time with you," the cyan-haired angel responded, jumping into the water along with the other three. The water splashed all over Blaze and his hair. He didn't mind it too much as he couldn't possibly get any wetter than he already was. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 3|
--------------------------------------------
The pelagorn opened its eyes and gave them a dissatisfied squawk, before jumping into the water as well. 

"Hiya, Brachel! Azalea mentioned you earlier. How do you like D'Warka?" Bayou asked, her piercing brown eyes studying his face with great interest. 

"It's quite something..." he replied, still reeling from the smell and everything else. It had been a beautiful city until he visited the shanty. 

"Brachel, this is my good friend Bayou, and that is her pet, Pela the pelagorn. Bayou is from the north shanty. This is Briny's house. Coral and Ariel are also from here," Azalea introduced them. 

"I'd rather live here with my friends," Bayou muttered under her breath. 

<em>Ariel?</em> Blaze glanced at the Undine with the fairytale name. To his great disappointment, her hair wasn't red. However, she did have a green tail and wore a purple, eel-skin bikini. She had black hair. 

Coral had sea-green hair, while Briny's was a dirty white, just like the sea foam. 

Done with the introductions, the group slowly made their way out of the shanty and into the open sea. 

The merangels rode over the waves with exceptional ease. Only the pelagorn experienced any trouble, but once she realized that the group was heading deeper into the sea, she spread her wings, waddled over the water, and took to the skies. In the air, her wings caught the breeze, and her movements quickly turned from clumsy to elegant as she smoothly glided over the crystal-clear waters. 

In the sea, the merangels were completely uninhibited. Their upper bodies zipped over the water surface like jet boats, as their tails propelled them from underneath. 

The sun peeking through the heavy, white clouds was hot against Blaze's back, and the wind was sharp and damp. However, the view was spectacular. 

Blaze spotted a group of Undine and angel children playing out in the open sea. The little angels were riding on the Undine's backs just like he was riding Azalea's, and "fighting" against other pairs. 

"What are they doing?" he asked Azalea. 

"'Ships and Captains'. We used to play it too, when we were younger," Azalea replied nostalgically. 

"Ooh! That sounds interesting. I want to try it," Blaze asked. Blaze was always up for a good game, but now he also wanted to see how the angels and Undine interacted at a personal level, even if they were just kids. 

Azalea glanced at her friends and, all of whom gave her affirmative nods. They quickly made their way towards the younger ones. 

"Oi brats! Let us in," Azalea announced, when they reached them. 

The players paused to look at them. There were around twenty kids, and none of them looked older than forty. "That is not fair. You are all older!" complained a brunette-haired ina. 

"You guys can have a fleet of two ships," Azalea offered. 

"Done." 

Soon, the captains and ships were tussling over the warm cerulean waters. It was a rough game, but with water all around them, it was hard for anyone to really get hurt. 

The Blaze-and-Azalea pair were like a juggernaut. Azalea crashed into the <em>ships</em> with all her might, and Blaze knocked the <em>captains</em> off. 

<em>"Red Quetzal!"</em> 

<em>"Bazooka!"</em> 

<em>"Gattling Brachel!"</em> 

Blaze gave names to his palm thrusts as he knocked over each angel. 

<em>"Cannon Strike!"</em> 

<em>"Submarine Headbutt!"</em> 

<em>"Mast-destroying Lunge!"</em> 

Azalea cried out her own names to her moves. 

That day, Blaze finally found his comedy duo partner. It was also the day Azalea was bro-zoned. 

"Arr, ye' <em>landlubbers</em>," Blaze yelled exaggeratedly from Azalea's back. "<em>Ye' arr</em> <em>no match for the best ship in the</em> Purple Sea <em>and her mighty captain,</em> <em>Blazing D. Barr-nacle</em>." 

"You surely stick to Azalea like a barnacle," Bayou complained. Though she was as good a swimmer as Azalea, her sailor wasn't as strong as Blaze. 

The group continued their play for another hour before the players finally got fed up with Blaze and Azalea's shenanigans. In the final game, they ganged up on the two to bring them down. 

"Hey! This is cheating," Azalea protested. 

"All's fair in play and war, my friend," laughed the main conspirator, Bayou. 

Finally exhausted, they all began to merrily float over the waters. 

Azalea floated on her back with Blaze sitting over her stomach. Her plump chest was over the surface of the water, and her wet shirt clearly outlined her shapes. Blaze tried to keep his eyes and hands away, however. Bro-zoning was a very serious business. 

Pela the pelagorn, who was floating nearby, suddenly plucked a large sunfish out of the water and swallowed it whole. 

"Brachel," Az spoke cheerily, "do you want to be punted by a mer-pult?" 

"Do I want to be what by a what?" 

The Mami Wata slithered under Blaze until he was over the end of her tail. "Take a deep breath and hold on tight. Let go when you feel yourself leaving the water." 

"Huh?" 

She quickly turned around and her upper body dove under, her fishtail wiggling under his butt. Blaze suddenly understood. Holding his breath, he held on to her tightly. 

Azalea dragged him under, and he only caught a momentary glimpse of the mermaid arching her body like a bow in the clear blue waters. Her tail whipped upwards, and as soon as Blaze felt himself leaving the water, he let go. 

Blaze shot up fifteen feet into the air, like a catapult projectile, and landed in the sea with a mighty splash. Azalea caught him as he sank and brought him back to the surface. 

"Whoa! That was really fun!" Blaze exclaimed. 

"Can we try it too?" the younger angels asked almost simultaneously. Any young angel that ventured out into the sea with an Undine could be said to be a little adventurous. However, none of their younger Undine friends were strong enough to properly mer-pult them. Azalea's group was older and stronger. 

Soon, the merangels were punting little angels over the surface of the water. Screeches of glee filled the air as both the young angels and the young Undine lined up to take turns. Soon, Azalea's group was competing over who could punt a kid the farthest. 

Blaze slowly waded over to some of the kids. In his observations thus far, he felt that <em>the kids</em> at least didn't seem to care too much about racial differences. In fact, the younger ones treated <em>him</em> more like an outsider than their Undine friends. 

"Where do you go to school?" he asked one of the older angels. 

"Eastside Academy." 

"Oh, is it any good?" 

"Well, it is not the University of Bologna if that is what you are asking, but it is the best academy my mother can afford," she answered. 

"University of Bologna? That's here?" 

"I thought you were not from around here. Did you come to watch the tournament?" 

"You could say that... What about that university?" 

"University of Bologna is one of the best academies in Caledonia. Many nobles from all over the HU come to study there. You need to be really smart or really well-connected to get in." 

Blaze remembered that Jie Er had attended the Uni of Bologna. <em>Does that mean she did her schooling in D'Warka?</em> 

"So, where do the Undine go to school?" he asked an Undine. 

"Oh, most don't get any formal schooling until their 80s. Then, we take skill development classes-- nannies, dock laborers, industrial workers, handy Undine, swimmers, etcetera." 

As far as Blaze knew, it was mandatory for all angels to attend school at twenty. <em>Why was it different for the Undine? Segregation?</em> 

<em>Wheeee.</em> A little ten-year-old angel shot through the sky and crashed thirty feet away from her launch site. Her mer-pult, Ariel, brought her up into the air like a prize. "Haha. I win!" she declared. 

While the rest played, Blaze approached Azalea and began to pester her with more questions. She wasn't very forthcoming with her answers, but Blaze's <em>need</em> to know made him unintentionally relentless in his questioning. 

"<em>What</em> do you want to know<em>,</em> Blaze?!" she finally cursed, bringing the revelries to a sudden halt. "That the Undine perform the most menial jobs that are left over for the running of the city? That we take care of stinky fish pens when even their smell is abhorring to us, but we must do it, anyway, because the angels like to eat them? That we get paid loose change for it? 

"That our children must work to keep the fisheries safe, while the adults trudge on in the factories from morning till night, yet their pay is so meager that they have no real means to reach the higher echelons of the society? That their wages are half as low as an angel doing the same work? 

"That, despite being adopted by one of the richest angels around, <em>I</em> couldn't get into the University of Bologna? My bad, I must be too dumb for it, though I am quite sure I aced all their tests. Did you know that some angels have 'no Undine allowed' signs at their homes, as if we were no different from manatees? 

"Is that enough for you to show me more pity? <em>We don't need your pity</em>!" 

Her words and anger took Blaze by surprise. His own anger flared, briefly, but understanding calmed him down. 

The young angels and the Undine stared between the two, watching their quickly changing expressions. A deep sense of awkwardness set in. A couple of the angels appeared embarrassed while the others were just baffled<em>.</em> The Undine, however, looked apologetic. 

"I'm sorry, Brachel," Azalea finally sighed, "I know you were only trying to learn more about us. I got carried away." 

Blaze shook his head and looked towards the beautiful orange sun as it began to reach the horizon. "It's okay, Az. I get it... Anyway, I think it's time for me to head back. I promised I'd be back by dinner." 

"Let me take you back to your hotel," Ariel offered, before Azalea could reply. "I need to pick my young mistress from her Lyre lessons, anyway. I am sure the others want to hang out with Az a little more." 

Blaze nodded, trying to catch Azalea's eyes. He didn't want things to become awkward between them. However, Az avoided his gaze. 

Ariel came up to him and turned around, offering her back. He gently wrapped his arms around her neck while she grabbed him under his knees and pulled him closer. 

"Az," Blaze said to Azalea. "I want us to be friends. I am not sorry for wanting to know more about you and the Undine. My friends from Tir will arrive tomorrow. Let's have more fun." 

Azalea nodded and Ariel took off towards the city. The Undine began to take the young flightless angels back to their homes, and soon, only Azalea and her Undine friends were left floating in the rippling waters. Tears started to flow down Azalea's eyes as she stared in the direction Blaze had left. 

Bayou swam up to her friend and placed a comforting hand on Az's shoulder. "I can understand how you must feel, Azalea. The Blazing Fury looks to be a kind and understanding angel." 

Azalea threw her arms around her friend. "I hate this. I feel like I'm betraying her trust," she choked. 

"We <em>must</em> do this, Azalea. Besides, you know who's planning all of this! You can be sure she will not be harmed. We will just be <em>borrowing</em> them for a little while." 

*** 

Ariel dropped Blaze back at Hotel Valanor and even apologized for Azalea's outburst. He reassured her that it was alright. 

Blaze had a quick dinner with Jie Er at the hotel before they were picked up by the gondolier from earlier. Since the low tide had set in, the Undine chose to push her boat with a long rowing pole, instead of swimming. 

Traffic slowed down during the low tide, and the starry sky was reflected in the calm waters as the driver took them through the canals, telling them tales about the various places of D'Warka. 

The wet malachite walls of the buildings gleamed under the moonlight, casting an ethereal glow to everything around them. The humidity of the morning was gone, and the air was clear of fog, despite the cooling temperatures. 

The city was a beautiful place, but Blaze found it more interesting to watch the interactions between the Undine and the angels. 

As they floated through the industrial district, he spotted a supervisor yelling at a group of labor, all Undine, at not reaching that day's quota. Apparently, they had not fixed enough of the lampposts with energy bulbs. Maybe it was because of Blaze's preconceived notions, but he felt that the supervisor was a little ruder than necessary. 

"Ms. Draga," he called out to the Undine, "Do you like us angels?" 

The Undine glanced at him with questioning eyes before she saw him looking at the screaming angel. 

"I don't have a particular dislike towards <em>them</em>. We get paid our dues and that is all I care about, I suppose. However, even if I felt different, I wouldn't say that to you, would I?" 

"Oh..." 

"You are a perceptive young one, child, but you are not the first one to raise such questions," continued the Undine. "It is not uncommon for tourists to feel a little uncomfortable over the relationship between the D'Warkan angels and the Undine. They are not used to cities like ours. 

"There are also occasional protests from the new Undine that arrive here to replace those that leave, but the only answer they ever get is that 'if you don't like it here, you are free to leave'. Some do, but most understand their situation or learn to accept it. 

"The truth is that the new city has been built by the angels. <em>We</em> did help in building it, but without their resources there would have been no D'Warka. Just the ancient malachite ruins. Maybe you are too young to understand it, but there are no freebies in this world. It's our own misfortune to be born as the Undine. I don't despise the angels for it." 

Blaze chose not to say anything more. To him, those sounded like the words of someone <em>beaten</em> into submission. However, he also accepted that he understood very little. He glanced towards Jie Er, but she simply gazed at their surroundings with a little smile on her face, as if she hadn't heard the conversation. 

"Ms. Draga," Jie Er said, after a few moments. "Can you drive by the gulf near the University of Bologna?" 

"That's a long trip, istera. It will cost you more. It's probably better for you to just fly there." 

"That is fine. I <em>wish</em> to ride the boat." 

The gondola floated northwards and east, and soon, the water began to get deeper again. When they reached the sea, the gondolier put her pole aside, and jumped into the water to pull the boat through the rocky waves. 

The gulf of Bologna was formed by an elevated, hilly area, whose surface was covered in lush meadows, scattered trees, and stone-cut buildings. The waves crashed against the indented rocky-gray walls, carving out a coastline that looked dangerously beautiful. The flame of a lighthouse flickered in the distance, throwing a sheen over the wet walls whenever it illuminated them. 

"Eva and I used to go for boat rides on nights just like these, usually right before test days," Jie Er spoke in a soft, nostalgic voice as she gazed at the coastline. "It used to calm our nerves as we studied under the light of an energy stone lamp while our boat simply drifted along. Reading under the stars is a wonderful experience. You should try it sometime." 

Blaze listened quietly. He had a feeling there was more to come. 

"I used to visit D'Warka every ten years from when I was forty till the end of my graduation. I did not have as many friends as you do at Tir, but I loved my university and the city. 

"I spent <em>a lot</em> of my free time roaming around in the lower city, and I can not say my interaction with the Undine was limited. However, it was not until my later years that the difference in the way we treat the Undine truly registered in my mind. My moment of disillusion came when I witnessed a young angel remorselessly beat her Undine servant. The strangest thing was that there was no malice in her eyes. To her it was akin to <em>training</em> <em>an</em> <em>animal</em>." 

Blaze shuddered at that analogy. 

"When I realized this, I needed catharsis, with the way things were, with the power I held, and the desire to do something about the suffering I saw in front of my eyes. However, I was in a foreign land and there was little I could immediately do. 

"For a little while, I was all about trying to change things here at D'Warka. However, as the years went by, I began to question myself. '<em>Was I qualified to fight for the Undine?'</em> I was not related to them or the D'Warkans. '<em>Was I making assumptions based on my preconceived notions? Did I understand the complexities of the situation? Was I doing something that could do more evil than good?'</em> 

"So, I ended up not doing anything substantial, convincing myself that it was not my responsibility to intervene. I do not support that decision of mine, but I hope you can see why it happened. The decisions <em>we</em> need to make will not always be clear. 

"The world is not 'light vs dark' or 'good vs evil'. You can always define laws and define what is considered 'good', but the world is not so well-structured. It is a hazy place. Something that is horrid from one perspective might be a necessity from another, something that is considered 'good' can cause suffering to many. 

"You can not be hasty in your conclusions or decisions, Blaze, not when even your words might have the power to move people and change the way they live. You have to be careful with that power." 

"I don't have such power, aunty." 

"You <strong>will</strong>. The angels of D'Warka have grown up believing that the merangels are confined by their capacities, and that it is the natural order of things. They believe that the merangels are not smart enough and do not have the capability to prosper in land cities. However, I wonder if the merangels ever had the opportunity to excel in our cities. 

"Most merangels do not get the opportunity to attend the best of our schools, nor get any training that is required for higher society. The angels then look down upon them for the very thing they have forced upon them. 

"A hypothetical question I often asked myself was what would have happened if the Undine were in control of D'Warka and the angels were made their laborers. That could have happened if the resources came from the right places. Think about what you have done then, Blaze? Would your actions have been different? It is easy to find answers from a post-perspective. 

"However, no matter what answers you find, never detest the angels of D'Warka. When you grow up in privilege, it is easy to be complacent and not see issues with the state of affairs. Cultural ideologies also have a strong grasp on the ways we think. 

"There are a couple of things about you that I love and find fascinating. The first is that the lens you see Azra-El through is clear of the obscurities gained by living on this world for a long time. However, you have your own experiences that may fog your vision in ways that you may never fully realize. Just, keep that in mind. The second thing is that you are intelligent, strong, and confident, yet you are unafraid to ask questions and learn, unlike many who become drunk on their own greatness. I, myself, was once a victim of this drunkenness. 

"Do you remember, Blaze? I once told you that you need to explore and understand the world more before you could be ready to make judgments and decisions. I do not want to tell you what is wrong or what is right. That is for you to decide, and you must be ready to face the consequences of those decisions. There are easy ways out, the right ways out, and the terrible ways out. 

"Anyway, if you are interested in knowing more about the city, I will tell you this, to start off. The labor of the Undine is a necessity for this city to prosper. If the city does not prosper, the Undine will not. It is all interconnected. There are more than two-hundred thousand Undine in this city. You must understand the economic, social, and cultural aspects of both the Undine and the angels to change anything. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 4|
--------------------------------------------
"Moreover, I firmly believe that revolution must come from within. Nothing can change if the Undine themselves are fine with their condition. Most Undine are like Ms. Draga here, glad to make some money and go back to their paradises, which often are not as great as they remembered in their minds." 

"Can the Undine really not succeed in land-based cities?" Blaze asked. 

"I do not know. They have their unique set of needs and their skills are different, but I do not think they are less intelligent or <em>weaker</em> than us. Have you read about the Sea Nymph Isles and their floating cities?" 

"Yeah..." 

"Their cities are no less impressive than ours. Back in the day, Hela's armies mounted a surprise invasion on their lands. The sea-nymphs repelled them with minimal casualties on their side, while dealing heavy losses to Hela's armies. It was a surprise to both angels and the demons. Apparently, the sea-nymphs had long been building technologies and honing tactics to ward off flying angels." 

"So, why does anyone think they are inferior?" 

"Because the sea-nymphs themselves do not consider other mers as their equal, but I feel it is just blind prejudice. 

"Anyway, I also do not think most angels in D'Warka are callous. They have just become complacent and unempathetic. 

"You must always remember that there are always multiple perspectives and solutions to any issue. A solution that has worked in the past may not be the same for a seemingly similar one. You may also not know which one is right until you implement it," she finished, leaning back against the boat and looking up into the night sky. 

Blaze did not question her further. Even when she did have answers, Jie Er never gave him an easy answer, always prodding him to think for himself. However, this time, she left him with even more questions than he started out with. It was frustrating, but he respected her for it. For easy answers, he had Rebecca. 

He did understand the gist of what Jie Er was trying to convey. In his previous life, his father had been a diplomat, and because of his job, Blaze lived and experienced multiple cultures. What <em>he</em> realized was that cultures were as similar to one another as they were different. It was up to people to rejoice in their similarities or hate one another over their differences, or vice versa. 

They sat in silence and watched the scenery, enjoying the gentle and warm sea breeze that caressed their faces. Soon, Blaze put his head on Jie Er's lap and gazed at the stars. 

His thoughts drifted freely until he fell asleep. He had been a little antsy about the tournament that was going to start in a couple of days, and after his incident with Azalea, he needed the calming boat ride to settle his nerves and thoughts. 

Jie Er only woke him when they returned to the hotel. She paid the Undine her due and the two of them walked inside, only to find a yellow-haired angel waiting for them in the lobby. 

"Ms. Clio! How did you find us?" Blaze asked, eyeing her outfit. She was wearing a thigh-length, black and white plaid skirt over a full-sleeved white shirt that was primly tucked around her waist. A black and white cravat was snugly wrapped around her neck. An insignia-- a heater shield with three torches under a rising sun- was knitted over her right breast. The words "University of Bologna" circled the shield. 

<em>Prep Schoolgirl! Ooh la la!</em> 

"Well, not everyone is unaware of your arrival, Blaze. The city guard, at least, is keeping an eye on you at all times," she told him, before turning to Jie Er. "Greetings, Min Jie Er. It's a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance." 

"Thank you for being kind to Blaze Er in your articles, Ms. Clio. Are you here to speak to him?" 

"Yes, may I borrow him for a little while? It would be my pleasure to speak with you as well." 

"He is all yours, but I will have to decline your other request, unless you have something important to convey," Jie Er replied politely, glancing at Blaze. 

Blaze nodded in affirmation. 

"I will be in my room, if you need me," she told him, before heading towards their room. 

Clio looked a little disappointed, but she quickly recovered. 

"Do you have somewhere to go after this?" Blaze asked. He wasn't sure if he would have too many opportunities for any <em>extra-curricular activities</em> from the next day until the end of the tournament, so he wanted to make the most of the situation. 

"Not really..." she replied hesitantly. 

"Good, let's see if I can get access to one of the other rooms that we've reserved," he said walking over to the receptionist. He didn't have too much trouble getting a key as two of the three rooms they reserved for the next day were currently vacant. 

He led Clio to a room adjacent to their own. 

"So, whatcha doing here, and what's with the getup?" he asked, closing the door behind them. 

"I am here to cover the games, obviously. The Aranyan Times has set up a printing press in D'Warka, to print out daily analyses of the fights. There are going to be a lot of visiting Aranyans. 

"As for the uniform, I am going around pretending to be a 9<sup>th</sup> year student of the university. I never expressly say it, but people just assume it when they see the uniform. The students speak more freely if they think I am one of their own," she said, walking over to one of the chairs around the tea table. 

"Makes sense. Have you found anything interesting?" 

"Not really. The University of Bologna is sending three angels to represent them in the USMAT. Two are mediocre, but I could not find much information about the third." 

"Hmm. Do you have any guesses?" 

"None. At most, I can guess that she will be among the seeds." 

"Right, the seeds. Do you have any idea about my seeding?" 

"I do not have anything official, but I can take a guess. Nikolett Lovag will be the first seed, and you will be placed right dab in the middle. That will ensure that you will face her before the quarterfinals." 

"Are you saying there are seven or eight candidates stronger than me?" Blaze asked in surprise. 

"I do not know, Blaze. No one really knows how strong you are. Maybe your academy knows your strength, but the organizers will not take them on their word alone. Regardless, even if you were considered the strongest after Nikolett, I am sure the Malakim will ensure that your seeding will force you to face her before the quarterfinals. They will not give you the slightest chance of placing 3<sup>rd</sup>." 

Blaze needed to place at least 3<sup>rd</sup> in the tournament to keep Sky. 

The tournament was divided into two stages. The group stage and the elimination stage of sixteen. For the first stage, the organizers ranked the top sixteen fighters among all the participants and spread them evenly into eight brackets. The top two from each bracket moved on to the elimination round. 

"By the way, why do you bother with the disguise? You will have to show yourself at the opening ceremony tomorrow, anyway," Clio asked. 

"Well, I will show myself at the ceremony and then <em>disappear</em>," he said, waving his hand in the air for flair. "Even during the tournament, I think I will try to meld with my classmates. Everyone will be looking for someone with red hair, not black." 

Clio sighed and shook her head. "I do not see the reason for all the <em>subterfuge.</em>" 

"Well, it's mostly to keep away pesky reporters like yourself," he grinned. 

"Oh, I am <em>sorry</em>. I did not realize I was being a bother. I will head out as soon as you answer a couple of questions," she said, rolling her eyes. 

Blaze's grin widened as he got up and sat beside her, sneaking an arm around her shoulder. "Hehe. Don't think you will escape from me that easily. Information is not free. You will have to pay <em>my price</em>." 

Clio didn't bother to take his bait. "Blaze, I would like to know what you are planning to do with your fights. You have told me that you are strong enough to face Nikolett, but I do not think you are strong enough to guarantee your victory. So, I can imagine only two possible ways you will approach the tournament. Either you dominate your way until you reach Nikolett, or you will try to hide your strength. Which one is it?" 

"Why do you need to know this?" he asked as his hand crept down her shoulder. 

"So, I can write accordingly. Do not worry, I will not reveal anything that might hurt your progress. I want you to win the tournament as much as you do. Covering the tournament would have only been a dream if not for you." 

"Hmm. Well, firstly, I plan on being <em>funny</em>-- someone wise once said that humor is very important. Then, I will show them how <em>cool</em> I am-- someone wise once said that coolness is also very important. Finally, when the time is right, I will show them who's the greatest. Ah-hahaha. Someone wise-" 

"Please take this seriously, Blaze." 

"I am not joking. You need to learn to have a little fun in life, Clio... Don't worry, I am not stupid enough to lose for acting stupid." 

Clio sighed. "I hope so. At least your mother will be around to keep you in check. I do not understand how you hatched to such a serious angel." 

"Pah. What do <em>you</em> know? She is funnier than I am!" 

"Really?" 

"Of course not." 

"..." 

After that, Blaze gave her more details about how he planned to approach the tournament. Though Clio was a little annoyed with his lackadaisical attitude towards the whole thing, she thought it was a decent plan. 

Soon, they had the door to their room bolted, and Blaze was leading Clio by her hands towards the plush four-poster bed. 

"Alright, let us make this quick. Tomorrow is going to be a busy day for me, and I need to get some sleep," she said, as Blaze dragged a nearby footrest to the bed and stood by the side of it with his knees against the mattress. 

Clio sat on the mattress so that her face was level with his groin. She reached over and pulled his shorts down, bringing out his semi-flaccid prick. 

"Your thing is all soft and squishy. We will never be able to get anything done quickly with this!" Clio exclaimed, as she held his member in her hand. 

"Well, you know what to do," he smirked. Clio liked to pretend that she was only doing it for him, but the flush on her face and the look in her eyes said otherwise. 

She scooted over and sat on the edge, grabbing his butt to pull him closer. The footrest made him stand a little higher than desired, so she slid a pillow under her butt, before leaning in to take a closer look. 

The warmth of his member in her hands, the fact that she could feel it slowly expanding in her grip, and the heady, musky scent that radiated from his organ drove her crazy with a need to have him in her mouth yesterday. She couldn't stop herself from clutching his butt and quickly wrapping her lips around his tip. 

She licked and sucked against the sensitive part for a moment, before she began dragging her lips down his length, sending his member deeper into her mouth. 

Blaze wasn't completely hard yet, but, as soon as he felt his cock slide deeper into her welcoming throat, he knew it wouldn't be long before he was at full mast. 

Clio, on the other hand, had never experienced a marvel such as this before. The deeper she went with his soft length in her mouth, the more she could feel it expanding and trying to break free from her. She had deepthroated him before, though, and knew that his hard dick could fit all the way in the back of her throat. 

She looked up and gazed into his eyes as she took his growing erection deeper and deeper, until he finally hit the back of her throat. She squeezed him with her cheeks for a moment before pulling out. 

"I guess now we know that <em>that</em> works. Hehe," Blaze grinned, as he looked down at his raging erection, wet from Clio's ministrations. 

Soon, Blaze had his hands on her head as she bobbed up and down his member. Her legs were wrapped around his, while her hands on his back tried to shove as much of his length down her throat as she could take. 

However, she began to have some difficulty taking him all the way in, now that his cock was a pulsing rod. Blaze pulled out when he noticed her struggle. 

"What do you want me to do?" she asked, looking up at him with her round, hazel-green eyes. 

"Just try to relax your throat when I push in, okay? And don't try to bite it off!" Blaze said, with a mischievous grin. 

"Okay" she replied, with utmost seriousness. 

He guided her mouth onto his cock again, and let her suck on the tip for a moment, before he slowly pushed his length back into the welcoming depths of her mouth. Once he felt himself nudge the back of her throat, he pulled her back, until only half his length remained buried in her face. 

He repeated this process over and over, but soon realized that the problem was that his height prevented him from angling down into her. 

<em>Man, why don't they teach important things like this at school?</em> 

Blaze hop-scooted on the footrest so that now it was touching the bed completely. Then, he placed his right foot up on the mattress, which gave him a better position to bottom out in Clio's throat. 

He moved his right hand to the back of her head while his left moved down to her breasts, where her aroused nipples made tents in her shirt. 

Adjusting himself again, he pushed his length back into her mouth, and in one fluid motion, he felt his dick enter the tightness of her throat. 

He let out a groan of surprise and pleasure, as he had not expected her to deepthroat him on the first try again. 

He set a moderate pace while simultaneously continuing to play with her nipples. Her lips had formed a tight seal around his girth, which only added to the contrasting feelings of him entering her throat, her lips sucking him off, and her tongue swirling around the length of his cock. 

This continued on for several minutes, when Clio suddenly gave out a groan of pleasure from a mini-orgasm that she had from Blaze playing with her nipples. 

Blaze lost himself in the constricting tightness of Clio's throat, the softness of her lips, and the vibrations from her moans, emanating from deep within her belly. It was all far too much pleasure in a single moment, more than his cock could handle. 

Before he could even think about stopping himself, his other, smaller head had taken over, and with one final thrust, he buried his cock as deeply as he could within Clio's throat, and started cumming, shooting his load directly into her stomach, while Clio rode out a roller-coaster of her own orgasms, triggered by Blaze cumming deep within her. 

His orgasm lasted longer than he had anticipated, and all the while, he was still deep within her. She had recovered enough from her orgasms by now to realize that Blaze was cumming down her throat, and quickly increased the suction on his length, trying to keep all of him inside her while he came. 

Once he stopped, Blaze slowly withdrew his shrinking cock from Clio's mouth, and it came away coated in a mixture of saliva and cum. 

"Blaze, as much as I enjoyed that, right now, I need you to put that thing somewhere else deep inside me," Clio said, as she moved up the bed and turned away from him, so that she was on all fours, with her ass pointing towards him. 

She wiggled her ass at him, framed by her short skirt, and looked at him over her shoulder with a burning need in her eyes. How could he refuse? 

Climbing onto the bed, he shuffled behind her on his knees and reached inside her plaid-skirt to pull down her panties, before flipping her skirt over her pale, freckled ass. 

She had a light smattering of freckles on her butt, but they weren't as prominent as the ones on her face. One had to look closely to see them, and Blaze looked very, very closely. 

He could already see the wetness of her arousal on her lips, and he gave them a quick kiss, which earned him a squeak from Clio and a twitch from her other hole. 

As he saw her butthole wink at him, Blaze was reminded of the Txiki needle he had used on her at Sekat. Unfortunately, the wooden needle was currently in Rebecca's possession. 

<em>I wonder what she's doing with it. Hehehe.</em> 

He considered using the <em>real</em> Txiki needle that the Pixie Princess had sent him, but he felt that it would be disrespectful to the pixies. Besides, why did he need an artificial prick when he had a real one? 

"Clio, there are two holes here. Which one do you want me to fuck?" Blaze asked, with as much innocence and sincerity in his voice as he could muster. 

"Is it this one?" he asked, rubbing the outer lips of her pussy with his thumb and eliciting a low moan from her. 

"Or this one?" he asked, as he moved his thumb up to the tight knot of her asshole, spreading her previous release all over her backdoor. He was rewarded with a moan louder than before. 

Clio was an anal girl through and through, and Blaze didn't forget. He kept massaging her puckered hole with his thumb while Clio moaned and writhed. Her head was now down on the bed, and it made her butt stick farther out into the air, accentuating the curves of her heart-shaped ass. 

"Which one do you want me to fuck?" he asked again, as he slowly pushed his thumb into her tight opening. 

"My ass! Put it in my ass!" she moaned, as his thumb pushed into her asshole. 

Blaze took out a bottle of oil from his space ring that he always kept on hand, for "emergencies", and liberally dribbled it all over her puckered hole, which was stretched around his thumb. He slowly massaged her asshole, before slowly replacing the thumb with his index and middle fingers, while continuously sawing his fingers in and out of her tight asshole. 

With enough lubrication in and around her tight rosebud, Blaze knew that she was ready. 

The anticipation of fucking her in the ass again made him rock-hard. 

Ever since he hatched on Azra-El, he had gone wild with all the milfs around him. Clio, in her preppy schoolgirl costume, was just what he needed for a change. 

He took his bottle of oil and poured a healthy amount onto his raging erection and gave it a few pumps to spread it all around. 

He withdrew his fingers with a final twisting motion, and with his other hand, he placed the tip of his cock on her well-lubricated rosebud. 

Clio let out a little moan as she felt his cock surge against her hole. She rose up in his arms, rubbing herself against him and trying to take him in, but Blaze was in no rush. First, he wanted her tits in his hands. Then, he was going to tease her a bit. 

Opening her shirt down to her navel, he pushed it aside, before pulling her bra down over her tits. He then took her teensy tits into his hands and squished them, before pinching her perky nipples between his fingers. 

She groaned, desperately grinding her asshole on his prick, and trying to get it into her ass. 

He felt up her breasts for a while before he pushed her back down on all fours. Her skirt had fallen back down again, and he flipped it over her waist, to gain access to her callipygian butt. 

<em>Hehe.</em> <em>Callipygian -- perfect word for a posh, preppy girl.</em> 

"Stop teasing me and put it in!" she buzzed at him. 

"First you have to say 'fuck me with your cock'," he replied. 

"Fine! Please take your cock and fuck me with it!" she said, with clear need in her voice. 

"But, where do you want me to fuck you with it?" 

"In my ass! Please fuck me my ass with your cock!" 

Taking his member in his hand, he pushed the tip against her tight opening and slowly felt her ring give way to his cockhead. 

"Oh Goddess!" she cried, and fell onto the mattress, her hands gripping the bedsheet as her back arched down to push her butt towards him. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 5|
--------------------------------------------
His cock made easy headway into her oiled hole. Blaze had expected that he would have to slowly ease into the rhythm of fucking Clio, but he was surprised to find that beyond the initial entry, he had no trouble in sliding his length along her passage. It made him wonder if she had been pleasuring herself on her own. However, he quickly forgot all about it, because she was squeezing his cock with her ass! 

<em>Where did she learn how to do that?!</em> 

He bottomed out inside her much faster than he had anticipated, and he held himself there, enjoying the feeling of her warm tightness. 

Blaze leaned forward until his chest was flat against her back and sneaked his hands back inside her shirt to play with her puffy chest, while he slowly moved his cock inside her in a circular motion. 

Clio pulled his left hand from her breast, took his fingers into her mouth, and began to suck on them. Her throat hummed with pleasure from his motion while her lips worked on his fingers. 

Blaze made his way from the curve of her inner shoulders to her ears, leaving a trail of wet kisses in his wake. He loved the way Clio used her tongue to play with his fingers, and it drove him crazy. It reminded him of Astrid. 

<em>Wait! Did Astrid teach Clio how to do this? That girl is getting</em> <strong><em>around</em></strong><em>! Damn, Daniel! I need to get in on this action!</em> 

Clio, however, was going crazy with the need to get her ass fucked hard. Her horniness was further showcased by the wetness that dripped down her pussy and onto his balls. He felt her ass push against him, and he began to thrust in and out of her, using his hips. He had been training to use them efficiently, in more ways than necessary. 

"Ooh, yess! Faster!" she hissed after a while, pushing back against him so that she was back on all her fours, and Blaze was kneeling behind her. 

Letting go of her tits, he grabbed the sides of her butt and began to pound into her, her plaid skirt flying around wildly with the pace of their fucking. 

Blaze had his eyes set on the way her ass jiggled each time he made contact with her. All it did was drive him further into a frenzy. Moving his hands from her butt, he took hold of her by her waist. 

He redoubled his speed, putting his stamina to good use. 

Clio was small and petite, even for an angel, and holding her by the waist made it easier to handle her. He pulled her onto his cock every time he thrust into her and pushed her away from it every time he withdrew. As he had just cum, he knew he would be able to keep it up for a long time. 

Meanwhile, below him, Clio's head was back on the bed. Her right hand pinched and pulled at her nipples, while her left was busy with her clit. 

"Oh Goddess! Yes! Don't stop! I'm gonna release!" Clio screamed, as a powerful orgasm overtook her body. 

Blaze stopped moving, watching tremors wash over her body. Her anal passage twitched, trying to massage the cum out of his balls. 

Suddenly, he noticed the hand that she had been using on her clit, and a lightbulb went off in his head. 

He waited for her to stop writhing and moving from her orgasm, and once she calmed down, Blaze pulled his cock out of her ass, leaving a gaping hole in its wake. He quickly got off the bed and pulled Clio back towards him, with her butt leading the way. 

Before she could say anything, Blaze pushed her down towards the bed by her back, so that she was now lying flat on the bed, with her legs splayed. He pulled her even closer to the edge, so that her lower waist was a few inches beyond the edge of the bed. 

He took a moment to take in the sight before him. 

"Why have you taken it out? I know you are not done yet!" Clio asked, lustfully. It was clear she wanted more, for, afterall, she only got to do it with him once in a while. 

"I think my dick needs a little more lubrication," replied Blaze, plunging his cock into her wet cunt. 

Clio let out a squeal of surprise that turned into a delightful moan. The room was filled with the sounds of fucking and moaning as Blaze continued to pound her pussy for a while. 

Suddenly, in one swift motion, he pulled his cock out of her pussy, and thrust it back into her asshole. 

"Ooohhh YES! Fuck that ass again!" Clio screamed, as Blaze resumed her anal pounding. 

Immediately, he could feel that her ass was even tighter than her pussy, and that Clio was responding more vocally to getting her ass fucked than her pussy. 

He put his hands on the glorious pale globes of her ass and pulled them apart so that he could get a better view of her asshole getting fucked. Due to her position on the bed, he also got a clear view of her cunt, which was just waiting for his dick. 

How could he refuse such an invitation? 

With an almighty pull, his cock left the tight embrace of her anal passage, leaving a wide, gaping hole the size of his cock at its entrance, and then found the sopping wet doorway to her cunt. After giving her a few thrusts, he switched holes again. He began to alternate between her two holes, and the overwhelming sensations left Clio unable to do anything but lie on the bed and take it. 

She became more and more vocal each time he would change between her holes, and Blaze began to wonder if Jie Er could hear them in the other room. That thought led him to wonder if she had done it with anyone else other than Rebecca. He thought of inviting her, but he didn't think she would want to do it with Clio. 

<em>Maybe she'd be interested in a threesome with Agatha?</em> 

"So close! Faster! Pound it!" Clio squealed, rousing him from his daydreaming. He had mastered the art of letting his mind wander to keep himself from bursting, but on this occasion, his mind had led him down the dangerous path of a threesome with Jie Er and Agatha. 

Feeling her oncoming orgasm, he increased his pace, and snuck a hand down to play with her as he pounded her harder and faster. Within a few moments, Clio shuddered once again, as he felt her already-tight insides constrict around his length. 

With a grunt of finality, Blaze held on to her ass and squeezed, as he pushed his entire cock into her and unloaded his balls, until he fell on top of her with exhaustion. 

Clio was already mumbling something about tomorrow being a long day and Blaze was too worn out to even move. So, holding her in his arms, he flipped so that both of them were lying on their sides, and passed out with his cock still in her ass. 

The next morning, Clio woke him up after she got dressed. 

"Blaze, I do not think anyone will spy on you in your room, but you must be careful during the tournament. There are a lot of eyes trained on you. Do not do something like you did in Sekat," she warned him, before kissing him goodbye. 

oOo 

The next day marked many arrivals at D'Warka. Tara Maitreya and Blaze's four main minions arrived at Hotel Valanor a little before breakfast. Kida had become an official member of this prestigious group since their second quarter at Tir. 

After breakfast, Blaze got an Undine-delivered message from Fiora, informing him that Tir's delegation had arrived, and that they were staying at the residence proffered by the tournament organizers. All the participants and their caretakers were provided free lodging by the HU. 

Azalea showed up around noon and he introduced her to his classmates. The Mami Wata was back to her cheery self, and she didn't even mention her previous outburst. Blaze preferred it that way. 

"This is the real Brachel, also known as Slim Shady," Blaze introduced Rachel. 

"I may be slim, but I am not shady, and who the Hela is Brachel? I am Rachel. Do not give me weird names." 

Azalea laughed and recanted the name's origin. 

"Blaze, if you are going to use my name, at least use it properly!" Rachel chided him. 

"Oi. I had nothing to do with this. This silly mermaid has a problem with her hearing while she is above water." 

"I have no such problems! You clearly called yourself Brachel when we first met." 

The group rented a boat and Azalea showed them around town. Their first destination, of course, was a waterpark. 

It was a wonderful place, with waterslides, small artificial islands that merangels could leap over, seafood-themed restaurants, and plenty of games, both for younger and older angels. 

Blaze received a call from Siofra while having lunch at one of the restaurants. He ate an oven-baked cheesy cod fish dish that reminded him of gratin, along with crispy deep-fried cod patties. The gratin was served in layers of onion, diced and fried potatoes, and <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cream"></a>cream, spiced with <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutmeg"></a>nutmeg and <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_pepper"></a>pepper. It was one of the most delicious preparations of fish he had in his life. 

"Yo, Blazey," her voice sounded through the VP. Blaze had taught her the word, and he was proud of it. "I am finally here. Let me tell you, it is not fun to ride a Pegasi-drawn carriage for six whole freaking days!" 

"I can imagine. When can you meet us? The whole gang is with me and we are having fun!" 

"Sorry, Blazey," she said, her voice audibly lowered. "Mom arrived before I did, and she kind of confined me to the residence." 

"Aww, that sucks!" 

"Do not worry, someone we both know is currently keeping me company." 

"Hey, Blaze," a familiar voice chimed in. 

"Ragna?" 

"Yep," she laughed. 

"Whatcha doing with Siof?" 

"We arrived at almost the same time. Siof seemed a bit lonely, so I decided to hang out with her." 

"And Min Asherah is okay with that?" 

"I guess... Why would she not be? She knows my mum from the delegate meetings. They seem to get along well enough." 

"The heck? Why am I singled out for her ire?" 

"Maybe because you are not as pretty?" she joked. 

"I can agree with that," agreed Siofra. 

"Tsk. I am not pretty, I am handsome, which you guys can never be." 

"Whatever makes you happy, Blazey. By the way, can you guess who else is here at the embassy?" Siofra asked. There was audible excitement in her voice. 

"Who? The Pixie Princess?" 

"Yeah! How did you know? It's so amazing. She said that she was primarily here to watch me at the tournament. Can you imagine that! Watch out, Blazey! I might just snatch the 1<sup>st</sup> place away from you. Hehe. I am so pumped up!" 

"I can imagine..." Blaze said wryly, visualizing Siofra skipping on her feet at the other end. "Have you declared your everlasting love that can endure anything and everything to her, yet?" 

"What are you saying? My admiration for her is <em>pure</em> and <em>sincere</em>!" she denied, but Blaze could 'see' her turning as red as a tomato. 

"<em>Right</em>, and my love for titties is <em>purely</em> <em>platonic</em>." 

The three of them ended their conversation after agreeing to find a way to meet up at some point. Blaze promised Siofra that he would go and watch her matches whenever possible. 

After lunch, Azalea took the group to the Mid-Way Reef. It was a narrow stretch of beautiful corals that formed a wide enough barrier for the merangels to leap over it like dolphins. It was a special spot for merangels, as most angels could neither land over the corals nor swim that far from the mainland. 

Azalea leapt out of the water with Blaze and he opened his wings to sail over the water like a Pelagorn. He could now dive to almost a few inches off the ground and come back up without crashing. He didn't think anyone else in the tournament could replicate it. 

"Help!" Az screamed in mock terror, as he held her under his arms and let her experience flight, "This crazy Pelagorn is going to devour me whole!" 

Aahna, Bi, Rachel, and Kida cheered as they floated in the water. 

"Here comes the B-2 Blazer," Blaze announced, as he swooped over them and unceremoniously dropped his payload. The wingless Azalea crashed between the angels, scattering them on the resulting waves. However, she didn't surface. 

A little worried that she may have hit a coral, Blaze swerved around and glided over the water, looking for her. 

Suddenly, Azalea burst out of the water with a roar. "Az-qualo!" she screamed, grabbing Blaze's foot and dragging him under. 

The squalo were large carnivorous predators of the Purple Sea. They grew up to twenty feet long and swam using four large flappers. However, they rarely appeared inside the atoll that surrounded the city of D'Warka-- the waters weren't deep enough for them. 

Being suddenly dragged into the water took Blaze by surprise, but before he could swallow any water, he felt Azalea's lips over his, breathing air into his lungs. 

They surfaced before the <em>kiss</em> could register in his mind. 

"Got ya!" she laughed, separating from him. There was nothing else in her expression, indicating that it was just a practical thing to be done in a culture surrounded by the merangels. With so many young angels playing around with the Undine, it made sense there would be plenty of similar instances. 

"That looks like fun, Blazey," Rachel exclaimed excitedly. "Can you do it with me?" 

Soon, his minions and Azalea were taking turns at being bombed into the sea. Several other young angels and merangels nearby spotted their play and joined them, wanting in on some action. It was only after a while that someone noticed Blaze's energy makeup, but by then, he was ready to leave, and the group departed before anyone could make sense of his flight. 

As they drove back towards the city, Bi spotted a couple of older angels flying at a distance, doggedly following their path. The two angels were not together and kept some distance between each other. She mentioned it to Blaze. 

Blaze immediately recognized one of them as Res Kal, the angel who usually followed Elyssa wherever she traveled. The other, Blaze assumed, was an angel sent by the Malakim or the government of D'Warka. 

Both his <em>protectors</em> seemed satisfied in merely keeping an eye on him, and Res Kal made no move even when he waved at her. 

"Brachel," Azalea said to him, when they reached the hotel, "Can my friends come to watch you at the tournament?" 

"They know?" 

"They guessed. I told them about meeting you at Puhar, a while back..." 

"Oh yeah, makes sense. Sure. Of course, they can come watch. Obviously, they need to be supporting my awesomeness." 

Azalea laughed. "Also, can you tell them you have free passes? I am buying their tickets using my pocket money, but they would not like that, and they are not rich enough to buy a pass to every match." 

"Will do. I will also talk to my headmistress and see if we can get some real passes. That'll be better." 

"Thank you, Blaze." 

*** 

Azalea soon left to attend to some business of her own and his minions buggered off to sightsee more of the city. Blaze, however, met up with Jie Er, so they could head over to the Heavenly Union HQ inside the Heaven District. 

Sky had arrived the previous night, and the HU had been <em>gracious</em> enough to allow Blaze and Jie Er to go and visit him that afternoon. 

Jie Er flew Blaze to the border of the Heaven District and the lower city, before finding an isolated corner to remove their disguises. Then, they quickly headed to the HQ before anyone could recognize Blaze. His red hair and young looks were enough to rouse anyone's suspicions whilst he was flying. 

The guards flying around the HQ approached them as soon as they were spotted, but after learning who they were, one of the guards quickly escorted them in. 

After a lot of Kafkaesque delay of bureaucracy, the two were finally led to a wooden enclosure that seemed to have been built specially for Sky. It was a meshed enclosure, large enough to let him stretch his wings, but not big enough to let him go for a good flight. However, it did allow for plenty of sunlight and breeze. 

Sky was surrounded by two familiar angels, but he was growling at a third-- a young, lanky angel, who was trying to approach him. Badava and Gyrill were watching from nearby, while Tonya and Claudis gently held Sky's wings to prevent him from lunging at the inquisitive visitor. 

However, they didn't seem to be trying very hard. As soon as Sky spotted Blaze and Jie Er, he rushed out of their hands and into Blaze's arms, before beginning to chatter at their faces. 

"Since when can you imitate Splash?" Blaze laughed, as Sky imitated a complaining otter. "Wait, if you can imitate Splash, can you say words?" 

<em>A talking Quetzal would be amazing!</em> 

Blaze cuddled the big bird as Jie Er brushed his crest, cooing along to keep him calm and happy. 

"Sky, buddy," Blaze said, "just a couple of weeks more I promise. We won't ever be separated, again," as he cooed at the bird, gently caressing his side feathers, which were growing magnificently. Though he still looked like a chubby baby bird, Sky could already fly better than he could. Carrying him on his back, however, was still quite far away. 

Suddenly, Blaze's attention shifted to the girl from earlier. She stood sheepishly near Tonya and Claudis, wearing a University of Bologna uniform. 

"You!" Blaze growled at her, immediately recognizing her, despite her latest disguise. She could never hide her eyes from him. 

"Hello, Blaze. Nice to meet you Min Lokra. You are a lot stronger than I imagined," Lynn greeted, slowly walking towards them. 

"<em>What</em> are you doing here?" Blaze asked her roughly. 

Seeing her brought him a diverse range of emotions- desire, distrust, relief, anger, and betrayal. 

"Just wanted to have a quick word with you and take a look at the Quetzal while I am at it," she replied, glancing at Sky. 

The bird growled at the angel, and Blaze couldn't help but smirk in satisfaction. 

He glanced at Claudis and Tonya and decided to hear Lynn out. If Lynn had come prepared, there was little they could do. 

"Can I talk to you privately, for a moment?" Lynn repeated, when neither he nor Jie Er said anything. 

Blaze looked to Jie Er. "I will have my eye on you, Ms. Streltsy," Jie Er said, narrowing her eyes. Jie Er had never seen Lynn, but she could guess who she was from Blaze's reaction. 

Lynn led him out of the enclosure and out of earshot. Oddly enough, there seemed to be no other angels keeping a close eye on them. 

"Why should we not capture you right here and hand you over to the HU?" Blaze asked her. 

"Because, it would be a pointless gesture. The HU is already aware of my activities at Riverbridge and they have all been approved. We caught fifteen Princeps and gained some new information that was quite worth the stress I put you through." 

"The Princeps didn't die in the blast?" Blaze asked, surprised and a little relieved. 

"No, none of them died in the blast. It was not intended to produce such a result. They were all strong enough to face a blast of that degree and live through it. I never intended for you to get hurt, either. If only you had just run when I told you to... I am sorry." 

Blaze gazed into her eyes and saw that she was truly sorry. As always, he was putty to their purple depths. They were <em>so</em> expressive. "What do you want to talk about?" he sighed. 

"Blaze," Lynn sighed, "I am really sorry for dragging you into things before. I did not expect them to go that way. I did tell you to leave when things started going out of control, but you did not. It was your choice. Anyway, I am not here to talk about that. There is something important I feel that you must know." 

"What is it?" he sighed. She was right. It had been his choice, but he still felt a little deceived. At the very least, she should have told him more. 

"You know I have been on the trail of the Princeps for almost a year, right?" 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 6|
--------------------------------------------
"Yeah..." 

"At first, I thought it was a mere coincidence or a twist of fate that we seemed to run into each other at every place I visited; Cali, Saket, Puhar, and Riverbridge." 

"Wait, I don't recall seeing you at Cali?" 

"<em>I</em> saw you at the auction. Anyway, the reason I was at all these places was because of the Princeps." 

"Are you trying to imply that I am with the Princeps?" he asked, wryly. 

"No, I do not believe you had any knowledge of them before Riverbridge. In fact, I truly thought it to be a coincidence before we got hold of that book and some other documents. <em>You</em> are mentioned several times in them..." she said, pausing to observe his reaction. 

Blaze raised his brow at her. "Can it be just because I've become famous?" 

"No," Lynn shook her head. "I cannot reveal the details of the documents, but I can assure you that there is a link between you and the Princeps-- at least with something they are planning." 

"Well, it's probably a ruse of some sort. A misdirection. I have nothing to do with the Princeps." 

"Listen, Blaze. No one thinks you are a Princep, yet, but we do suspect someone else," she said, her eyes flicking towards Jie Er, who was cuddling Sky. 

"You're <em>delusional!</em> My <em>mother</em> is a sweet angel, and all she wishes for is a quiet life. She is not an evil Princep and I will bet my life against it." 

"<em>Blaze</em>, I know she is your mother, but do you know anything about what she does?" 

"She is just a simple trader at a village near Varan," he answered, but the fact was that he had never been to where she worked. 

"Yes, we know that. We checked. But, have you not wondered that you guys are a little too well-off for what she does? Is your mother not a little too powerful and a little too intelligent for being a simple trader?" 

"Well, she just wants to live a simple life. Her past is not the happiest of ones." 

"Do you <em>know</em> anything about her past?" 

"That's something between us. I am not going to tell you just because you've made some outlandish claims," he replied, but doubt began to worm itself into his mind. The fact was that Jie Er was too exceptional to be living such a mundane life, even if her wings had been corrupted. 

"I would wager that you do not know too much, and even what you know may not be real. Jie Er Lokra has some deep connections, that much we can ascertain. Another fact is that we can gather no intel about her life before her arrival at Varan. Fulla Frejadottir refused to speak to us about it and Valinna Strom did not even grant us an audience." 

"So, let me guess, you are implying that my mother is some sort of mastermind that is controlling the Princeps, while pretending to be an unknown trader in a village that nobody cares about? Isn't that a bit far-fetched? Haven't the Princeps existed for a really long time? Isn't she a bit too young?" 

"No, I am not saying that she was the one that created the Princeps, but if she is a Princep, it is likely that she is very high in the pecking order. All we have now are conjectures. If we had anything concrete, we would have already captured her." 

Blaze laughed. "This sounds like a shitty conspiracy theory cooked up from completely unrelated facts. I am sure I can cook up an equally convincing backstory that will convince someone that <em>you</em> are, in fact, Hela." 

"Look, Blaze, I am not here to obtain information from you, though I would gladly accept it if you offered. I am only here to warn you, because I think you are a nice angel and you would not want to do anything with the Princeps. 

"We have been trying to keep an eye on her, but though she lets us observe when she is working as a trader, she always manages to lose her tail when she wants, and she never lets us near your property. She always manages to catch angels spying on your house, even archangels. Tell me, is there any need for so much secrecy?" 

"Maybe she just cares for privacy," he answered, though he could think of another good reason-- <em>him.</em> 

"Maybe so," she said, before suddenly stepping towards him and giving him an unexpected hug. 

Blaze was surprised, but he couldn't say he didn't like the feeling of her arms around him. He felt something slip into his pocket before she stepped back. 

"Look, I do not think I would believe someone who suddenly claimed that my mother was a Princep either. Just keep what I said in mind and give me a call if you need to talk. I think you will do the right thing." 

Blaze scoffed. 

"I will leave you for now, Blaze. I like you, and I hope we can remain friends," she said before turning and walking away. 

Lynn left Blaze's mind in chaos, but he wasn't confused about Jie Er. If Jie Er was a Princep, then he couldn't imagine the Princeps being bad, but that brought a whole range of other issues with it. Suddenly, he remembered the mayor's daughter from Riverbridge. He hoped she was alright. She seemed nice enough. 

*** 

Blaze and Jie Er spent an hour with Sky. Tonya scampered off to find Siofra as soon as she heard that Blaze seemed to be the only young angel that Siofra's mother had an issue with. 

He spent most of the hour trying to teach Sky to say the words "Siofra is stupid", "Elyssa is a shorty", and, "The Malakim suck". Unfortunately for Blaze, Sky couldn't "speak" yet. 

Before they left the HU HQ, Blaze and Jie Er once again donned their disguises. 

"Aunty Jie Er," he asked, as Jie Er flew him back to the hotel. "Do you have anything to do with the Princeps?" 

"Not that I am aware of..." she responded without any change in her expression. "Is that what the Streltsy ivka wanted to talk about?" 

"Yeah... She even gave me a VP to contact her if I found anything suspicious," he said, bringing out the VP from his pocket and offering it to Jie Er. 

"Keep it," she said. "You never know when it may prove useful. It is high time I purchase a couple for us. I guess there is no longer a need to hide the fact that I am richer than I am supposed to be." 

"Okay," Blaze answered, thinking that the number of individual VPs he had stowed in his space ring were slowly piling up. <em>Why can't they invent something that can be used by everyone? Man, everything is on me...</em> 

"Keep your focus on the tournament, Blaze Er. Do not worry about the Princeps. I am not one of them. In fact, your little friend probably knows more about them than I do. 

"However, I do wonder who she really is. I did not know the HU had a special group working on the Princeps. I ran into a few pesky angels spying on me at Varan. I thought they were reporters, but it makes more sense now. Should I go talk to someone at the HU? Maybe that would be counterproductive," Jie Er continued, as she started to muse out loud. "...Maybe Yue?" 

*** 

Thyra, Valinna Strom's protegee and the creator of Blaze's gauntlets, arrived at their hotel that evening. Thyra had made his gauntlets in exchange for advertising. With that in mind, Blaze introduced her to Agatha. 

The two hit it off well, and soon they were discussing the potential benefits of marketing their merchandise together. Blaze's gauntlets were not easy to make, but Thyra had other metal work she could sell. 

oOo 

The next day was when the matchups for the tournament were finally announced. 

Blaze and Jie Er joined Elyssa, and the rest of the angels from Aranya, outside the HU administrative building. Hundreds of angels, along with the participants of both, the USMAT and YAMAT categories, stood waiting for the announcement. Thousands of fans filled the airspace, hoping to get a peek at the angels they were supporting. 

At 9 o'clock sharp in the morning, a group of angels stepped out of the building and began to hand out pamphlets containing the upcoming matchups. A blonde-haired angel stepped onto a podium with a loudspeaker in her hand. 

"Welcome to D'Warka, angels of the Heavenly Union!" she spoke. "The tournament shall officially commence from tomorrow. Participants are advised to arrive at their scheduled stadiums, at least ten minutes before the start of their matches. I am Milia Atkins, and I have been given the honor of organizing the tournament with the help of a very talented staff. Please feel free to approach any of us with any issues that you may have. 

"I would like to remind you that the tournaments are designed to bring out the best in our young. Accidents occur, but any actions intentionally aimed to <em>harm</em> or <em>maim</em> an angel, will get you disqualified for the current and any future tournaments. <em>You</em>, the participants, are here to learn and measure yourselves against your peers and their techniques. <em>This is not a real battle</em>. The rules of the tournament will be provided to you, along with the pamphlets. 

"Now, let us get to the part you are all waiting for! First, I shall announce the seedings of the USMAT. 

The top fighters of the tournaments were given rankings based on how strong the tournament committee deemed them to be. These "seeds" were then put into eight different brackets, which made sure that the strongest opponents did not have to face each other until the later stages of the tournament. 

"The <em>First Seed</em> of the USMAT for this year is our Holy Caledonian Empire's <em>Nikolett Lovag</em>!" she shouted into the loudspeaker. 

A loud cheer went up from all around. Many eyes searched the group for the elusive angel, but they couldn't tell who the real Nikolett was. When they couldn't find her, their attention turned to Blaze. His bright red head was easy to spot amongst the Aranyans. 

"Second Seed is Citlali Tenoch of Teteocan." 

A bunch of angels from Teteocan, wearing feathered headdresses and green face-paint, sent up a cheer. 

"The Third Seed is Adesa Abebe of Alkebulan." 

"The Fourth Seed..." 

"The Eighth Seed is Blaze Er Lokra of Aranya!" 

The Aranyans and the Pixies erupted in cheer. 

8<em><sup>th</sup></em><em>?! 8</em><em><sup>th</sup></em> <em>is just lame.</em> Blaze wasn't satisfied. He would've been happier if he had been unseeded because of lack of information-- it could've added on to the mystery. 

"The Tenth Seed is Siofra Eoiwagn of the Pixies." 

Tir's delegation cheered along with the pixies, while Blaze hesitantly approached Siofra, half-expecting Asherah to shoo him away, but the older pixie simply pretended to not notice him. He wanted to hug his little pixie, but he controlled himself for Asherah's sake. 

"Sup, lil' Pix," he smiled at his friend. "Are ya glad you won't be in the same group as your Big Bro?" 

"<em>You</em> should be glad about that." 

"Ooh, confident aren't-cha?" 

"Very. I have mastered the Pixie Prick." 

"The Eleventh Seed is Priscilla Ainsworth of Aranya! Tir Academy will be very proud that three of their candidates have been seeded this year." 

However, Priscilla wasn't happy. She had consistently defeated Siofra in their practice matches at Tir, yet she was seeded below the pixie. Blaze hadn't spoken to her much after the ghost incident, but he noticed that there was a new sort of pride in her eyes. Not a haughty pride, but a pride that exuded confidence in her own skill. 

Blaze and Siofra stood by each other's side until the USMAT seedings were announced, before he headed back to Elyssa for the YAMAT announcement. 

"The First Seed of the YAMAT is Elyssa Marigold of Aranya!" 

It came as no surprise to anyone. Moreover, it seemed like the Caledonians wanted to make up for Blaze's low ranking with Elyssa's higher one. 

"The Third Seed is Brija Dhara of Aranya." 

The name sparked something in Blaze's memories. Brija was the angel he had "tricked" to win Elyssa's new spear at the auction at Cali. He had won using a hefty handicap, but now, he realized how naÃ¯ve he had been to think he had any chance against her in a real fight. 

He turned around to find Brija standing towards the back of the Aranyan contingent. He had not seen her until her name was announced. She was in her usual comfortable boy shorts and tank top, looking as hot as ever. She caught Blaze's lascivious gaze and gave him a slight grin. Blaze had not spoken with her since that fateful day, but he knew that Astrid had been in touch with her. 

The pamphlets with the matchups finally reached Blaze while the lady continued her announcements. He quickly went through it and found that he had two matches on the very first day, and his second match was against the ninth seed. His group had twelve angels in total, and he had to fight eleven matches before moving on to the elimination stage of sixteen. The last match he had to fight in the group stage was against Ragna Fulladottir, who was currently standing with her mother and other angels from Vaikunheim. 

"The Sixteenth Seed is Chenguang Shangdi of Xian." 

Blaze glanced in the direction of the cheers and found Chenguang smiling with her usual boyish charm. She caught his eye and her smile widened. He waved at her. 

Chenguang was only fifty-two, so it made Blaze wonder how high she would've been seeded, had she chosen to participate in the under-sixty tournament instead. He was glad he didn't have to fight her. 

"That is it, angels. I hope all the participants have received a copy of their schedules. I wish you the best of luck. Make the Heavenly Union proud!" the announcer declared, before stepping off the podium. 

Blaze expected CG to hang back to talk to him and Elyssa, but she gave him a wave and left with her compatriots. 

"Blaze, come hang out with me this evening, we may not get much time for ourselves after today," Elyssa said to him. 

Blaze glanced at Jie Er. 

"Go," his aunt told him. "Agatha should have arrived by now, so I will not need your company. Come back in the morning. Your classmates and the merangels will wish to accompany you to your first match." 

*** 

Blaze and Elyssa took her carriage to the manor that D'Warka had provided for Duchess Anastasia Marigold. It was called "Audrey's End". 

It was located within a large pristine area inside the Heaven District, a place that was a clear contrast in wealth and power to the shanty. 

"Do ya know what Astrid's been up to?" Blaze asked, as they walked through the greyish-black granite hallways of the mansion. Owing to her latest appointment as a Houri of the Malakim, Astrid had arrived at D'Warka a week before Blaze and Elyssa. However, Blaze had yet to see her. 

"She has been hanging out at the Malakim Sanctuary. They are now her 'new people', apparently," Elyssa said, seemingly a little annoyed at her cousin's life choices, despite knowing that it was all supposed to be an act. 

The two walked into the duchess' chambers and found her in deep conversation with a noticeably older angel. The appearance of the older angel was that of an attractive human in her forties, but her energy makeup was very heavy, heavier than Varan's mayor, indicating that she was over four-hundred years old. She had long brown hair that was left free, and her face resembled someone Blaze knew quite well. 

"Blaze, this is Aspasia Saras Marigold. Astrid's mother and my great aunt," Elyssa introduced her to Blaze. 

Aspasia's eyes held the same sort of phased-out gaze that Astrid usually carried, but everything else about her was unexpected. Her age, her demeanor, and even her garb. She wore a simple, loose, and comfortable saffron-colored tunic, held by a white band at her waist. 

<em>What's up with monks and orange?</em> 

Blaze had known that Aspasia was a member of the Chayot society, who were known for their asceticism, but it was still surprising to witness Astrid's mother, of all people, being sage-like. 

"My child is quite enamored with you," Aspasia stated, her eyes gazing straight into his. Blaze felt like the deepest parts of his mind were laid bare under her penetrating gaze, yet he did not feel uncomfortable. Her voice was gentle, despite being unwavering and equanimous. 

"Hello Mon Aspasia," Blaze greeted her politely. 

"I understand your bewilderment, little one," she said, as if she could indeed read his mind. "My daughter and I are not as different as our demeanors may suggest. While I am the contemplative type, she is more active. However, what we ultimately seek is the same." 

Blaze didn't know how to respond. He wasn't even sure of what she was talking about. He simply nodded and drew up a chair to her right. 

He quickly found out that Aspasia could be terribly long-winded about the simplest of things, while being just as concise over the most complex of topics. He couldn't decide whether it was all an act, or if she had a grasp of the workings of the world at a level that he could not yet understand. However, watching Anastasia show deference to her words made him consider that it was most likely the latter. 

For about half-an-hour, they spoke about various things, and just as Blaze decided to ask Aspasia of her views regarding the Undine's living circumstances in D'Warka, Anastasia said something that drew his immediate attention. 

"Elyssa, is it not time for you to prepare for the party? The Caledonians are sticklers for punctuality. You don't want them getting their panties in a bunch by being late." 

"Huh?" Blaze perked up in his seat. 

"Er..." Elyssa said, giving him a sheepish look. "Did I not tell you that the two of us will be attending a party hosted by Duchess Burghess, tonight?" 

"You most assuredly did not." 

"Oh, must have slipped my mind by accident." 

"<em>Must have</em>. Well, have fun. I will be quite fine with Aunt Annie and Mon Aspasia." 

"Oh, <em>come on</em>, Blazey. It has been a chore for me to attend all these social events by myself. I never have anyone to freely converse with. We will not have to stay for too long. Come with me, please." 

"No, thank you. Besides, you will be a duchess yourself, one day. Think of it as training." He had no interest in attending a Malakim party as Blaze Er Lokra. 

"You do not have to come as Blaze. Just wear a disguise. Do you not have that black wig in your space ring?" 

"<em>Right</em>, the Malakim are so stupid that they'd think there is another twenty-year-old prancing around Elyssa Marigold," he rolled his eyes. 

"They will if you don't come wearing your shorts. Everyone knows that the Blazing Fury has red hair and wears nothing but shorts. Astrid says that your choice of wardrobe has even started a new trend in Saket." 

"Elyssa, I am <em>never</em> going to wear a dress," he told her, categorically. 

"How about a skirt?" 

He narrowed his eyes at her. 

Elyssa's shoulders visibly slumped and she let out a loud sigh. "Oh well, do what you want. What can I do if even my best friend does not want to hang out with me? Hope you have a good evening with mum and Aunt Aspasia," she said, slapping her hands on her knees and standing up. 

Blaze was immediately beset by guilt. Elyssa never asked him to do anything for her, and she always went along with all the nonsense he came up with. How could he say "no" the one time she asked him to keep her company? 

"Ugh, <em>fine</em>! I will go with ya to this darned party." 

"Great!" Elyssa exclaimed, grabbing his arm and pulling him up. "Come, I think I may have some clothes that will make a good disguise." 

As Elyssa dragged him away, Blaze began to realize that he may have fallen for the oldest trick in the girl-friend's book-- the guilt trip. 

"I am <em>not</em> wearing your clothes." 

"Oh, don't worry. They are- I mean, I have never worn them." 

"That is <em>not</em> the issue!" 

Once the two of them left the room, Aspasia turned to Anastasia with a nostalgic smile on her face. "Those two remind me of you and Lynn when you were younger." 

Anastasia laughed, but disagreed. "I don't think so. Lynn and I were always at each other's throats. These two may bicker, but I have never seen them fight. They are very different." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 7|
--------------------------------------------
"Maybe so, but I think the essence is the same." 

"Ah! I see what you mean..." 

"Well, they have time. You were well into your one-fifties by the time you realized it." 

*** 

Half-an-hour later, Blaze stepped out of Elyssa's room, wearing a red-skirt and a white top. He was also wearing a black jacket just to cover the fact that the top was sleeveless and barebacked. 

"Oh, stop frowning. You look very pretty in a dress! Just look at yourself in the mirror," Elyssa said, stepping out behind him and pointing at the mirror underneath a large grandfather clock. Little did she realize that "pretty" and "dress" were the last words Blaze wanted to hear in conjunction with himself. 

Without uttering another word, he hurried away from the godforsaken mirror. Elyssa watched his back for a moment before hurrying to keep up. 

"You know, I never realized it before, but you have got quite a perky butt. I wonder if mine is as good-looking as yours," she wondered. 

"Oh, Hela, stop! We are <em>not</em> comparing our butts. <em>Not now, not ever</em>." 

"Well, I surely have you beat up here." 

"For <em>that</em>, I am deeply thankful to the Goddess of creation." 

Elyssa was dressed in an elegantly embroidered lilac ball gown, and her hair was put up in a beautiful royal fontange like her mother's. She looked quite gorgeous, but Blaze was too chagrined with himself to even notice it. He had done the one thing he had vowed to never do-- wear a skirt when there were no lives at stake. 

They got into their carriage outside the mansion and it quickly took off eastwards. 

Blaze sat by the window and Elyssa linked her arm under his as she sat beside him and whistled a happy little tune. 

"Why does it feel like you bought these clothes just for me?" he asked. Though Blaze and Elyssa were of similar heights, their curves were vastly different. 

"I do not know what you mean. I bought them a <em>long</em> time ago. I must have been smaller, then." 

Blaze harrumphed at her terrible lie, but it didn't deter her one bit. "You should discard this jacket," she said, pulling on it. "There is no point in wearing such a cute top, if you are just going to cover it up!" 

"Will you <em>shut up</em>, please?" 

"No, really," she continued. "You have such nice scapulae. Why would you want to hide them?" 

Angels, in general, had a thing for scapulae. 

"Elyssa, I will <em>bite</em> you!" 

She shut for a few moments, but as the carriage began to descend, she spoke again. "You <em>know</em>, I do not know if it is because of the dress but pouting just makes you look cuter." 

Blaze pounced on her and sank his teeth into the first thing he could reach- her pretty little nose. 

"Ow!" she cried, and Blaze pulled away to tell her she got what she deserved, but the expression on her face stunned him. 

She looked embarrassed, and color began to quickly rise in her cheeks. He stared dumbfoundedly at her as she shyly averted her eyes from his gaze. 

The carriage landed and the little bump broke the spell on them. 

"Serves you right," he said, quickly getting away from her. 

Not giving her a chance to say anything, he opened the carriage door and stepped out. 

In front of him stood an immense, palatial mansion, made of ivory-colored limestone. Elaborate spires, arched windows, wide-pillared porches, royal flags, and high chimneys made up its exterior. 

Around the mansion were acres and acres of landscaped land, filled with patios, pagodas, mazes, and water traps. 

A red carpet, illuminated by a hazy ethereal light from the nearby lampposts, led to a wide flight of pearly white marble stairs. Twenty-foot high doors of mahogany lay wide open, and two prim-looking angel servants stood on either side, welcoming the guests. 

Everything signified power and wealth. Even the lampposts were made of precious metal molded with impeccable perfection. 

Elyssa stepped out of the carriage behind him, and when he turned to glance at her, he spotted a red carriage lined with pure gold swoop down in the wake of their own. 

Recognizing the royal carriage, Blaze walked up to it as it landed. 

"Yo, CG!" he greeted, opening the carriage door. 

"Fenghuang!" Chengguan Shangdi of Xian cried, excitedly. 

He held out his hand for her and she took it as she stepped out. She was dressed in a resplendent silver corset over a golden battle skirt, but, as always, she looked handsome despite being beautiful. Her golden shoulder pads made her shoulders look wider than they were. 

As soon as CG's feet touched the ground, she pulled Blaze into her arms. "This is a surprise. I did not expect to see you tonight," she said, leaning into the hug. 

Suddenly, Blaze felt very awkward. CG was older and taller than him. Her short black hair was also in contrast to his currently long and lustrous black wig. An image of what the two of them might look like to an Earthly observer flashed in his mind. 

He quickly pulled away. "It's all Ely's fault," he complained, "I didn't want to come, and I definitely didn't want to wear this stupid disguise." 

"Hello, CG. Does he not look pretty?" Elyssa asked, walking over to them. 

CG stepped back and gave him a once over. "Ooh, nice disguise. I would not have guessed it was you from afar. Who are you posing as?" 

"Uhm... Brachel?" 

"<em>No, no</em>, that will not do. The name does not even sound real. Here is an <em>idea</em>. Why not pretend to be one of my retainers? You shall be <em>Fengguan Dingsha</em>" 

"Er... isn't Fenghuang my alias in Xian? And Dingsha is just Shangdi in reverse!" 

"The characters are different. Opposite, in a sense. Fenghuang is a phoenix of fire, while Fengguan is a phoenix of ice." 

"But..." 

"Trust me. The Caledonians will not realize a thing," she assured him. 

The three walked into the mansion, with Blaze in step behind Elyssa and CG, trying to appear as if he was showing deference to the princess. 

A soulful melody drifted towards them when they stepped inside. A band of four played a sweet song from the center of an expansive, marble-floored hall. A gigantic silver chandelier of sparkling crystals hung prominently from the center of the ceiling. 

Blaze recognized the vocalist, the singer from Riverbridge. She wore an embroidered, cream-colored, and sleeveless sundress. It was mostly translucent and extremely short, showing the seductively untanned part of her upper thighs. 

As she sang to the peppy tune, her feet bounced, dangerously flipping the hem of her dress. 

Two servants blew on golden trumpets, followed by another servant announcing CG's and Elyssa's arrival. Angels began to flock towards them. 

Blaze was completely ignored. and it suited him perfectly well. He stood ogling at the singer until he heard a "hey" from his left. 

He turned to find Ragna Fulladottir displaying an amused smile. 

"Wow, I never thought I would ever use the word <em>cute</em> and Blaze in the same sentence. Have you finally grown into skirts?" 

"I think you're mistaken about my identity, <em>ivka</em>. We've never met before. I am Fengguan Dingsha from Xian. I reckon you are talking about Blaze Er Lokra. I hear he is <em>super</em> cool and <em>very</em> handsome." 

Ragna laughed and linked her arm under his. "Sure, <em>Ding-sha</em>. My mistake. But let me tell you this, Blaze Er Lokra is nothing like you have described." 

Blaze rolled his eyes at her. "Is Siofra coming?" 

"Are you kidding? This is a Malakim party. She is not even invited." 

"Makes sense. Anyway, I am surprised you are here in D'Warka and taking part in the tournament. Did you not say you disliked fighting?" 

Blaze had been quite surprised to see her name in the tournament, and that too, in his bracket. 

"Mother insisted. I also thought that this would be a good opportunity to measure myself against you. And, by the looks of things, it seems like it is fated." 

As the crowd around Elyssa and CG eased a little, he introduced them to Ragna, before they spotted two angels approaching them. Astrid was dressed in a hot, red and pink party dress, yet Blaze only had his eyes for the other one. 

Lynn Streltsy, in an icy-blue ball gown and a long, blonde, curly wig, gracefully glided towards them with Astrid in her tow. Blaze did a double take at the sight. Lynn in a gown appeared to be an entirely different person, and it made his heart stir. 

"Welcome to the Burghess house. Princess Shangdi, Ms. Marigold, it is an honor for me to have you here," she said to Elyssa and CG, with a polite ama bow. 

"<em>You're</em> Duchess Burghess?!" Blaze croaked. Ragna recognized Lynn, but she chose to remain silent. 

"That would be my adoptive mother," Lynn said, turning to Blaze with a sweet smile. He tried his best to find fault with it, but he couldn't find any. "I did not expect you here." 

"You two know each other?" Elyssa asked, glancing between the two angels, who seemed like they were having trouble taking their eyes off each other. 

"We have met," Lynn muttered. 

"Oh... May I know your name?" 

"I apologize for my rudeness," Lynn perked up, finally dragging her eyes off Blaze, "Lianara Burghess," she introduced herself. 

<em>How many identities does she have? Is this the real one?</em> 

"Lovely party you have here, Lianara," CG said. "The music is brilliant." 

"Thank you. I must thank Blaze for making me grow fond of it. It is quite enjoyable, despite some of its themes." 

"I am Fengguan," Blaze interjected. 

"Right. May I introduce you to some of my friends?" 

"It will be our pleasure," CG said. 

Lynn led the way to her friends. Astrid gave Blaze a friendly greeting, but otherwise kept her distance. The group spent some time with the D'Warkan nobility, until Lynn and Astrid floated away to greet newly arriving guests. 

Blaze's group also began to wander around the party. A while later, they ran into Brija. She was one of the few commoners invited to the party, owing to her high rank among the seeded candidates of YAMAT. However, just like Blaze, no one seemed to give her much attention. 

As they walked around, Blaze slowly began to feel a little awkward. At Tir, he had grown accustomed to being the tallest angel in the group. Now, he looked the shortest. Elyssa and Ragna, in their high pumps, stood a couple of inches taller than him. He had also somehow ended up in the center of their group, surrounded by four taller angels. It was almost as if he was in the center of a reverse-harem. The skirt did not ease his wayward thoughts. 

"<em>Goddammit</em>, Elyssa!" 

"What?" she jumped. 

"I swear, I am going to bite your head off if you ever make me wear a dress again." 

"I do not understand why you are so bothered by it. It is only for a couple of hours." 

"You don't understand! I am a <em>bro</em>!" he huffed, not knowing that he currently looked very much like a pouting girl. 

"A pretty little bro," CG nodded. 

"Argh!" he screeched, wanting to tear his wig off and slam it to the ground. 

After making their way around the party, the group gathered around a table. Servers began to approach them with various delicacies as they chatted and listened to the singer. 

A few songs later, the band decided to take a short break, excusing themselves and heading towards the rear exit. 

Suddenly, Blaze had a thought. 

"Be back in a bit," he said, getting up. 

"Are you planning something stupid?" Elyssa asked. 

"Maybe stupid, but nothing dangerous," he replied. 

"Okay. Just remember where we are. I promised Aunty Jie Er that I would keep you out of trouble." 

"Don't worry, if anything happens, we will put all the blame on CG or Ragna." 

<em>"HEY!"</em> 

Blaze gave them a cheeky grin and took off after the singer. A waiter gave him directions to her room. 

The hallway behind the exit was long and deep, connecting tens of rooms. Thankfully, the singer's room was nearby. 

"Come in," came the response when he knocked. 

Holding down the handle, he stepped in. 

"Hello," the singer said, swiveling around on her chair to face him. A small box of white powder lay on the dressing table nearby, and she held a dainty dabber in her hand. "What can I do for you, <em>ina</em>?" she said, intoning her voice as if she was speaking to a child. 

Blaze suddenly had an epiphany. <em>Maybe this stupid getup</em> can <em>be useful. No, focus!</em> <em>This is no time to mess around with a random angel.</em> 

"I love your music. Will you give me your <em>autograph</em>?" 

"It would be my pleasure." 

"Thank you," he said, pulling out a quill-pen and piece of paper from his space ring. 

The singer scribbled her signature on it and handed it back to him. It simply said "Robyn", written without much flair. 

"Robyn, I have a question..." he said, glancing at her long thighs, placed one over the other. 

Robyn simply raised a brow at him. 

"What would I need to do if I wished to arrange a music band at one of the matches of the tournament?" he asked. 

"Why would you want to do <em>that</em>?" 

Her bafflement made Blaze realize that the angels had yet to discover the concept of other entertainment during sporting events. "Let's just say I want to. What would I have to do?" 

"Come here," she beckoned to him and he walked over. 

She caught his arm and suddenly pulled him onto her lap. "Hmm," she wondered over his question as her hands wrapped around his waist. He felt her small yet perky soft breast against his shoulder. To her, he was nothing but a child. 

A tent threatened to rise under Blaze's skirt, but the thought that <em>it</em> was inside a <em>skirt</em> quickly deflated it. 

"You would first have to get permission from the event organizer," she said, "and then you will have to coordinate with the stadium manager. I presume you want the whole stadium to hear the band?" 

"Yes." 

"You will have to link up the singer's mic to the central VP. It should be easy enough. Simply obtaining one of the commentator VPs will also do the trick. Ensuring proper acoustics, however, will be a little trickier." 

"Hmm. I think I can manage everything except the acoustics," he said. 

Robyn seemed impressed. She took the paper in Blaze's hand and wrote the words Bebop Jukebox on it. "Contact me if you wish to hire my band. It sounds like an interesting gig," she said, assuming he was some noble's kid, wealthy enough to hire them. 

"Thank you," he said, placing his hand on her knee and standing up. 

Taking his leave, he turned around and walked towards the door. 

"Can you tell me which match you are considering?" 

"Nikolett Lovag vs The Blazing Fury." 

"Oh my! Arranging that <em>will</em> be tricky," she said, placing a palm on her lips. 

"I hope not," he said, opening the door. 

"May I know your name, ina?" 

Blaze glanced over his shoulder and gave her a cheeky little grin. "Blaze Er Lokra. <em>Don't tell anyone</em>," he replied, quickly closing the door behind him. 

Robyn simply smiled at the door. 

*** 

Blaze returned to their table and flopped down beside Elyssa. 

"Where were you off to?" she asked, sipping on some drink. 

"<em>Secret</em>. Tell me, Ely, can you sing?" 

"About as well as I can dance," she replied, before her eyes widened in trepidation. She set her glass down and turned to him. "Please don't make me sing, Blazey. I swear I will make it up for the darned dress. I will also never call you 'cute' again." 

"Hehe, it's good that you fear 'Blaze the terrible', but don't worry. I am looking for someone who <em>can</em> sing." 

Elyssa relaxed a little. "Whatcha planning?" 

"We will talk about it later." 

Robyn's band returned after a few minutes, and Lynn walked up to them before they began their next song. 

Soon, the bass, the piano, and the drums began to play a familiar tune. 

Lynn gracefully glided to Blaze's table as he watched her gown sweep across the floor. 

"May I have a dance?" she asked him, holding her hand out. 

His heart skipped a beat as he looked at her in disbelief. As she waited for his reply, her cheeks turned very red, and he could see a tinge of fear of rejection in her eyes. He wanted to refuse, but the words wouldn't come out. 

"I accepted when you asked," she muttered under her breath. 

He took her hand and stood up. She gave him a brilliant smile and his heart leapt. <em>How could he say no to her?</em> 

Lynn led him to the dance floor and the angels parted to make room. Lynn was the host of the party, and all eyes were on them. 

<em>~I don't know just how it happened; I let down my guard</em> 

<em>Swore I'd never fall for you again, but I fell hard</em> 

<em>Guess I should have seen it coming; caught me by surprise</em> 

<em>Wasn't looking where I was going; I fell into your eyes</em> 

Lynn intertwined her fingers with his and pulled him closer. Blaze quickly wrapped his left arm around her waist, before she could do it to him. 

She simply smiled and placed her right on his shoulder as they began to waltz. 

~<em>You came into my crazy world, like a cool and cleansing rain</em> 

<em>Before I, I knew what hit me, ivka, you were flowing through my veins</em> 

Their dance was simple and little slower than the beat of the song, somewhat off sync, but the intensity that lacked in their steps was balanced out by the power of their gaze towards one another. Any keen observer could see that, at that moment, neither of them could see anyone else in the room. 

~<em>I'm addicted to you, hooked on your lure</em> 

<em>Like a powerful drug I can't get enough of</em> 

<em>Lost in your eyes, drowning in blue</em> 

"I am sorry," she muttered, halfway through the song. 

<em>~I'm out of control, what can I do?</em> 

<em>I'm addicted to you</em> 

"... for everything." 

Those simple words swept away all the inhibitions he held towards her. 

"It's alright. I am not faultless, either." 

Lynn nodded. 

"She is not a Princep," he said after a moment, expecting her to disagree. 

However, she simply gazed into his eyes. "Are you sure?" 

"Yes." 

"We may have to reevaluate our theories then." 

For the rest of the song, the two danced in the simple comfort of each other's arms. 

"<em>Thank you</em>," she said, separating from him as soon as the song finished, her words and eyes clearly displaying her sincerity. 

"No, thank <em>you.</em> I asked for another dance at Riverbridge, remember?" 

"I do," she smiled for him. 

She gave him a formal ama and he returned it before they parted. Blaze walked back to Elyssa. 

"Excellent, Fenghuang. Simple, yet elegant, just the way it should be," CG praised him. 

"I do not like her," Elyssa said, as he sat down. 

Blaze looked at her in surprise. "Are ya jealous, Ely? Don't worry, you'll always be my best buddy," he teased. 

"It is not that, stupid." 

"Ely, I wore a freaking skirt for ya. I'd never do that for <em>her</em>." 

It was true. He wanted to take <em>off</em> skirts in that relationship. 

"Never mind." 

Blaze wanted to tease her more, but he spotted a green-haired, young noble approach their table. 

"Excuse me, but might you be the Blazing Fury?" 

Blaze sprang up to his feet. "No, <em>she</em> <em>is</em>," he screamed, pointing at Ragna. 

"That's right. The Blazing Fury is actually a berserker from Vaikunheim," Ragna rolled her eyes. However, her sarcasm was lost in the suddenness of the situation. 

"Later, CG," he said to CG, grabbing Elyssa's hand and hurrying out of the mansion before anyone could make sense of what happened. 

As soon as the two of them were out, they manifested their wings in sync and took to the skies. Blaze particularly made sure that he didn't leave a shoe behind. Just because he wore a skirt didn't mean he was fine with being the Cinderella of the story. He would always be the prince. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 8|
--------------------------------------------
"You cannot leave a party without making a spectacle, can you?" Elyssa asked him as they soared towards their mansion. 

"Oi, don't blame me. I had no choice." 

*** 

Once the two angels reached the mansion, they decided they had enough excitement for one day, and headed straight to Elyssa's room. 

Since it was still early in the evening, Elyssa pulled out the latest book of the "Night Angel" series as they huddled beside each other in her bed. The illustrated series was written by an anonymous author from D'Warka, and thus, the latest books were always available first at the water city. Elyssa had purchased it the day she arrived. 

There were forty books in the series, but Blaze had only read the first two books. However, Elyssa filled in the details as they read. 

Nychta Iustitia, the alter ego of the Night Angel, worked as a reporter in a fictional city that housed both angels and demons. She was an idealistic young angel who believed in justice and equality, regardless of race or nature. However, as the Night Angel, her ideals were constantly challenged, and she was often forced to make decisions that did not entirely align with her ideals. 

Her difficult choices were the main reason Elyssa was enamored with the series. She loved to talk about what she might do if she was put in her shoes. 

As the two read, they ran into a new character, a young angel who displays Righteous Fury to defend a yaksha. 

There was also a character named "Ellie" who accompanied the Fury in the novel and provided comic relief. 

"Why does it seem like <em>I</em> am the sidekick?" Elyssa complained. It wasn't a surprise that the new book made a reference to them. One of the entertaining aspects of the series was that it referenced real life occurrences on Azra-El. 

"Too bad, Ely. Heroes need sidekicks. I am obviously the hero of this novel," Blaze laughed. 

"Night Angel is the heroine of <em>this</em> novel." 

"Well, I am a hero in <em>real</em> life. Ah-hahaha." 

"More like an evil mastermind... Tell you what?" she said impishly. "How about we agree that both of us are heroes in real life? Siofra can be our little sidekick. Tehe." 

"Don't let <em>her</em> hear it... Anyway, have you ever considered that it may be better for the angels to have a government led by a group of individuals elected by all angels? You know, instead of monarchies?" he asked. 

The city where Night Angel resided was inhabited by all sorts of sentient beings, including demons, and it was governed by elected representatives akin to the democracies of Earth. 

"You mean a Tsekki?" 

"Tsekki" was the Azrael word for "republic". 

"Yeah..." 

"It makes sense that a Tsekki might be the best option in a diverse city like the fictional Ffaraon, but I do not see any reason for the angels to emulate it. Do you not think it would be inefficient?" 

"What do you mean?" 

"You probably have not come across this bit in your history lessons yet, but some countries attempted the republic form of government a few thousand years ago. It worked well initially, but they soon found out that angels with the most charm tended to get elected more often than angels who were actually good at the job." 

"So, having one ruler is better? That makes no sense. In a republic, at least the people get to choose who they are <em>ruled</em> by." 

"Well, not all countries are true monarchies, and most angel societies are governed by a meritocracy. The monarchs do not have all the power, though Xian might be an exception. 

"Think about it this way: Why would most angels know anything about how to ideally govern or how to ideally build bridges, or anything else that needs specialized knowledge? Through meritocracy, we ensure that the right people are doing the right job." 

"Then, why do you think it works in Ffaroan?" 

"It is a fantasy, Blaze. Besides, I am not saying that it does not work. I am just saying that it is not the best option for a society of angels. Most angels are trustworthy and virtuous. You can depend on them to work for the betterment of all, even if your ideals do not match theirs. Yes, we have tainted angels, but they are a minority, and most of them do not really attain power." 

"What about liberty, then?" 

"Meritocracy gives the most liberty. It has been proven." 

Blaze wanted to argue, but he realized that he needed to do more research before he could make an argument. He was convinced of the efficacy of democracy amongst humans, but angels weren't human. 

"Aranya is not a true monarchy," Elyssa continued. "The queen is a representative head of sorts. She does not have supreme power. Her generals- some of whom, like my mom, have reached those positions through merit alone- make most decisions. It seems to be working. 

"Tsekki governments did not work for us. It was during the later days of the Republics that the demons began to expand and grow. No one could come to a consensus over what needed to be done, and it was too late by the time they did. So, no one really considers the Tsekki governments anymore." 

Blaze wasn't convinced. Maybe a democracy needed a good economic system to sustain it, and he was sure that the angel economic system was nowhere as developed as it was on Earth. 

"What about the Malakim misusing their power?" he asked, instead. 

"The thing is, they do not think that they are misusing their power. Most Caledonians do not think so, either. So, would it be any different if the Malakim were <em>elected</em>, instead? The Malakim feel that their tainted are doing necessary evil for the greater good of the HU. 

"Anyway, I hear the next book is going to be even more interesting. There will be machines that can fly and move merely on mechanical power. I wonder how the author is going to explain <em>that</em>? Can you imagine anything flying without wings?" 

"Yes." <em>Wait. She is talking about concepts that seem very familiar. Is this writer possibly from Earth?</em> 

"Elyssa, who is the author of the Night Angel series?" 

"She writes anonymously, so no one knows. The first novel was published around 60 years ago, so she must be older than that." 

The two made it halfway through the book before they fell asleep. Though they had tournament matches the next day, neither of them was worried. They had already made all the preparations they could. 

oOo 

The next morning, Blaze and Elyssa took a carriage back to his hotel. He had a light breakfast and changed into the latest batch of clothes produced by the Blazing Furies Co. 

For once, his new clothing was masculine, as Agatha wanted to draw out Blaze's unique taste in attire. His high-collared white shirt, though barebacked to give free movement for his wings, had a distinctly masculine shape to it. A cerulean quetzal was printed on the front as the logo. A black jacket with back slits went over the shirt. His shorts were simple, but their red color perfectly matched the red in his wings. 

Jie Er opted to stay at the hotel, and Blaze didn't question it, especially since the HU seemed to be under the suspicion that she was a Princep. However, she walked Blaze to the hotel's roof to see him off. From there, Blaze and his gang, accompanied by Agatha and Thyra, took a Gryphon carriage to the stadiums. 

The stadiums were located to the south of the East Cloud District. There was one massive colosseum-like stadium at the center, surrounded by numerous smaller arenas enclosed by grassy viewing grounds. 

Fiora stood waiting for them outside stadium seven. Azalea and her Undine friends were floating in a nearby canal, looking to the skies for Blaze. There was also another group of Undine, hired by Agatha. 

"Where's Alice?" Blaze asked the headmistress, on landing. 

"You are not the only one who has a match this morning, Ms. Blaze. Alice is with Ms. Priscilla." 

Blaze introduced the merangels to his headmistress as they walked to their dugout. Agatha and Thyra setup shop near their dugout, while the hired Undine spread out to hand out pamphlets. The front of the pamphlets advertised Blaze's clothesline and the new store in D'Warka, while the backside talked about his gauntlets, extolling them as a masterpiece made by the protegee of the renowned Valinna Strom. Thyra seemed a bit embarrassed by it, but Agatha had insisted. 

Angels began to fill the grounds around the arena while the referees waited for the clock to strike nine. 

Spears were the most common weapon in the army, but the tournaments usually tended to feature variants of swords and shields. However, as fate would have it, Blaze's first opponent wielded a halberd, a cousin of the bardiche. 

"Nizhny Staritsta," Aahna pointed at a stocky, blonde-haired angel at the far side of the arena. She had her halberd planted into the ground by her side and she stood with folded arms, while staring at him intensely. "She is most likely not worthy of being your opponent, but her halberd skills are not to be underestimated. I suggest you use a long spear or a two-handed sword." 

Blaze looked at Aahna in surprise. "You know her?" 

"Well, we took the headmistress' help to gather information about all your opponents. The four of us even discussed the best ways you could fight your matches. Leave the scouting to us." 

<em>What faithful minions, I have! I need more.</em> 

"Sounds like a plan," he nodded in approval. 

Taking off his jacket with the flair of a 90's teenage movie jock, Blaze pointedly adjusted his gauntlets over his forearms, before pulling out a long, black metallic spear from his space ring. Jie Er had purchased him an array of weapons to pick from. The black spear was blunted for the tournament, but it was still a mean-looking weapon, with four small blunted spikes coming out from underneath the spearhead. 

He glanced at Fiora, but she did not say anything besides giving him an encouraging smile. 

Blaze sighed and stepped into the arena as he brought out his conspicuous red-white wings. An audible gasp swept across the stadium, though most attending knew that it was the Blazing Fury's match. 

Nizhny manifested her wings and jumped into the air. In addition to the halberd in her hands, she had a dirk at her hip. 

Blaze met her in the middle. 

"Good luck," he said to her, returning her customary ama. 

"May the best angel win," she said, before the umpire made them separate. 

All the matches started with the combatants separated by two hundred feet at a height of one hundred. The dome within which they could fight was confined to a height of a thousand feet and a width of five hundred. 

"Begin!" the umpire yelled, and Nizhny shot towards Blaze with the halberd pointing towards him. 

Blaze switched his grip on his spear, wound up, and threw it with a mighty grunt. To say the least, his opponent was taken by surprise. 

Throwing away your only weapon at the start of the match made no sense. However, Nizhny managed to swerve out of the way and came to a swooshing halt. 

The spear fell and lodged itself into the ground, and an abrupt silence filled the stadium. Aahna smacking her forehead echoed in the silence. 

"Er..." Blaze said, looking at his baffled opponent, "you were supposed to go down to <em>that</em>!" 

His remark made her even more confused. 

Suddenly, he made a move towards his spear on the ground. Nizhny reacted quickly to cut off his path. 

"Just kidding," Blaze stopped in mid-air, giving his opponent a cheeky grin. "<em>Ta ta</em>," he squeaked, waving his arm, and zipping off towards the opposite side of the arena. He quickly began to manifest energy in his palms. 

"Why did she even bother taking that spear?!" Aahna cried in exasperation, from the dugout. It was as if he only took the spear with him to make fun of her suggestion. 

"Blaze likes to act stupid, Ms. Aahna, but do not mistake his actions for whimsy. He is a master of unsettling his opponents, and he keeps them guessing," Fiora said. "He is also not as immature as he pretends to be." 

"But... are his actions not a little disrespectful towards his opponent?" 

"The demons will not show you any respect on the battlefield, Ms. Aahna. It is better for Ms. Nizhny to learn that from <em>him</em>, rather than some demon, do you not think so?" Fiora said sagely. 

"I think he is just having fun," Elyssa chuckled, disagreeing with Fiora's assumptions about Blaze's deeper machinations. She had long come to enjoy his antics, though she would never say that in his presence. 

As an energy zweihanderâ€” a two-handed sword with a wide guardâ€” manifested itself in Blaze's hands, he slowly turned around to face his opponent. <em>Blaze the Barbarian</em>, he declared in his mind, wishing he could tear off his shirt and flex his pectoral muscles. 

However, since he couldn't do either, he pointed his sword at the skies and screamed at the top of his lungs, "I... HAVE... THE POWER! ...Blaze-man." 

Unfortunately for Nizhny, and fortunately for Blaze, purple lightning did not rain down from the skies to strike down his idiocy. 

His opponent and his audience were completely flummoxed. They knew that the Fury was young, but they didn't expect him to be a child at heart. Didn't the Righteous Fury require strong convictions to manifest itself? 

For a moment, Nizhny almost believed that his words brought him some mystical power. However, nothing of that nature happened. No gravity-defying hair, no golden aura surrounding his weapon, and not even a boost to his muscles. 

Aahna and the rest looked like they wanted to hide somewhere, while Fiora tried her best to maintain her usual composure. On the other hand, the merangels simply continued to loudly cheer for him. 

Blaze charged his opponent with his two-handed energy weapon. The flustered angel from Angalnebo sent out a half-hearted thrust towards his chest. 

He blocked the blade of the halberd with the wide guard of his sword, parried the shaft to the side with a twist, and then slashed down on the angel's body. 

Nizhny's body reinforcement shattered, and Blaze brought up the tip of his blade to rest against her shoulder. 

"Match decided. Victory: Blaze Er Lokra," the umpire declared. 

Thus, came an end to the anticipated but unexpected outcome of the Fury's first bout in the tournament. Nizhny gave him a dirty look before flying back to her side of the arena. 

"Man, I am too stronk!" Blaze announced, as he returned to his own side. 

Most of his friends simply shook their heads and turned around to leave as a restrained scattering of applause swept around the stadium. The match wasn't exactly as exciting as the audience had hoped it would be. 

"All of you are just jealous of my strength," he let his groupies know. 

"That's right. Blaze is too stronk! You defeated her in one move. Amazing!" Azalea cheered with complete conviction. 

Suddenly, he noticed that Azalea and her friends had walked from a different place than where his Aranyan friends had been sitting. 

"Why were you guys over there?" 

"This area is apparently reserved for angels," Azalea answered without missing a beat. There was no protest in her voice, only acceptance. 

Blaze glanced at Fiora and found her to be a little uncomfortable with the situation. 

"Nonsense," he said to the merangels. "You are all here to watch and support me. You shall sit with the rest of my friends, right guys?" he asked his friends. 

"We <em>were</em> sitting together, but the stadium manager came over and asked them to move," Aahna answered. 

"It is fine, Blaze. We don't mind," Bayou said, shrugging her shoulders. "We are used to it. It doesn't bother us." 

"Well, it bothers me. I-" 

"Blaze, we are not in Aranya," Fiora reminded him. 

"Well, if the Caledonian angels don't want you to sit with them, we should go over and sit with the merangels," he said to his minions, without leaving any room for argument. 

"I will," Rachel responded immediately. She had been the one in his group to be initially hesitant over their relationship with Siofra, but that didn't mean that she was a hypocrite. Blaze had found that out about her quite early during his time at Tir. The girl held strong opinions, but she was kind at heart. 

*** 

Everyone from Tir won their first matches of the tournament. Blaze had to pick between Elyssa and Siofra matches because of the scheduling, and he picked Siofra's match. However, her fight was quick, ending in under a minute. Her speed had her opponent and the audience completely baffled. The pixie was fast enough to match an archangel over short distances. 

Asherah allowed Blaze to give his friend a few congratulatory words, before she took her away. 

Elyssa's match was also equally one-sided. Just like Blaze, she had defeated her opponent in one hit. 

Blaze had the second fight of the tournament that same evening. None of the other participants had two fights scheduled on the same day, but somehow, he had been the unlucky one to have two matches. 

When they arrived at the stadium that evening, his entire entourage moved to the area allotted to the merangels, though there were only a few merangels at the match. The thing that Blaze didn't understand was that the place wasn't even that different from where the angels sat. The viewing field was a simple stretch of lawn grass. 

Agatha and Thyra quickly set up shop near the dugout, waiting for customers. Agatha had made a few sales in the morning, and she hoped they would only increase in the evening. 

"Dohna Lhamo from Lanoan," Aahna introduced Blaze to his second opponent. 

Lanoan was a country to the south of Aranya. Located on the Anoan Plateau, it was a beautiful land known for its wide-ranging grasslands, undulating hills, and hordes of free-roaming Pegasi. The Lanoans had once lived as nomadic tribes before settling down into cities. 

"She attends the renowned Tholing Academy, and wields an unconventional and dangerous weapon called the '<em>urumi</em>'," Aahna continued. "She is the ninth seed of the USMAT, so do not underestimate her strength. And, please, do not try to fool around." 

"What's an urumi?" Blaze asked. 

"It is a whip-like flexible sword, originating from the Yakshas. It is a difficult weapon to master, but if one manages to do so, it can be a tricky weapon to counter. I suggest you keep your body reinforcement up at all times. 

"A small shield and a maneuverable weapon will be your best options. A longer pike may also do the work, but it will be less defensive. The important point to remember is that her attacks can come from awkward angles, when you least expect them."  

"Hmm," Blaze wondered, looking at the dark-haired angel on the other side of the arena. Aahna's suggestions were good, but he felt that his opponent would be familiar with common counters. More importantly, he had never faced an urumi before. So, even if he chose a counter, he wasn't sure if he could use it effectively. 

Dohna was a little taller than him, and her general features reminded him of Rin and Lin from Rebecca's regiment. "Headmistress, is she stronger than Prissy?" 

"That is a tricky question," Fiora answered. "They use very different weapons. I would not be able to gauge who is stronger without watching them fight each other. However, I do reckon that they are equally talented." 

"Hmmm..." Blaze hummed as he donned his gauntlets. Though he wasn't bad at using a shield, it was simply not his style. Moreover, the tournament only allowed for a maximum of three tools, so his <em>two</em> gauntlets left him with few options. 

<em>A dagger? Nah, too short.</em> 

He came to a decision and brought out a weapon that he had only brought out during his training sessions with Ragna's mother. 

"Is that a real Txiki needle?" Kida asked, her eyes lighting up with excitement. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 9|
--------------------------------------------
"Yep. From the Pixie Princess herself," Blaze replied, jumping into the arena. 

Dohna pulled out a small rotella as she flew into the arena. Her wings were dual-colored, lime green at the wing shoulder and yellow towards the wing tips. 

The duelists gave each other a formal ama and quickly separated. 

As soon as the umpire started the fight, Dohna pulled out the weapon that was wrapped around her waist like a belt. She whipped it, sending a crystalline crack of steel through the air. Soon, she began to twirl it, quickly building up speed, until the flexible blade was going so fast that it created a translucent dome of silver in front of her. 

Blaze was a little perturbed. The sharp and flexible blade seemed unpredictable and dangerous, and the mere fact that Dohna didn't hurt her own limbs while twirling it impressed him. 

Her wings were also in perfect sync with her blade, making him wonder how much time the angel must have invested in mastering such a weapon. 

<em>But, could the harmony between the body and weapon persist if I intercept the weapon?</em> 

On Earth, Blaze had some experience with the nunchaku. They looked awe-inspiring and dangerous while being twirled around, but it was difficult to maintain their momentum after contact with a solid object. 

In the hands of an expert, the nunchaku could be effective against multiple unarmed opponents, but he had never been convinced of their efficacy while facing an armed opponent. The urumi seemed similar. 

Deciding to test out Dohna's capabilities, Blaze charged in with his needle. 

The seven-foot long whip-blade slashed at him as soon as he came into its range. He raised his needle and blocked it. 

Dohna's drifted forwards as she swung, and when her blade clashed against his weapon, it curved around his needle to make its way towards his head. 

Blaze hastily beat his wings backwards, narrowly avoiding being hit. If the tip of the blade had hit him in the head, his body reinforcement would have weathered it, but he would have lost points. 

There were a few ways for the victor of the duels to be decided. One was based on points, which were given according to the effectiveness of the blows the duelists landed on each other. If a clear victor did not emerge by the end of fifteen minutes, the duelist with the most points was declared the winner. 

One could also win by simply overwhelming an opponent with power. This was left to the referee's and the duelist's discretion. 

The final way was to send one's opponent out of bounds, but this was tricky to achieve, considering that the arena was quite large. 

Dohna pulled back her sword, and her wings skipped a tiny beat to allow for the weapon to go back into its revolutions. The movement was intuitive, and Blaze saw no sign of a conscious decision in her eyes. 

He carefully watched the movements of the blade before charging in again. The weapon came from his left, and Blaze whipped out his left hand to try and catch the blade with his gauntlet. 

He managed to wrap his fingers around it, but Dohna yanked her hand back, and the blade screeched its way out of his grip. 

Blaze let go of her blade and chucked his needle at her face. 

Dohna had heard about the Fury throwing his spear at his opponent in his earlier match. However, she did not expect him to do it twice, and <em>not</em> with a Txiki needle. 

Txiki needles were excellent piercing weapons, but they were not made to be thrown. Moreover, Blaze's needle was blunted with a rounded cap. 

However, the surprise factor made Dohna cringe. The needle missed her face, but it pierced through the top of her left wing. 

She let out a stifled cry of pain, but she held her wits about her. 

Aahna, spectating the match from below, facepalmed. "Why do I even bother?" 

"He better hope that Siofra does not hear of this. She will roll him over and spank him if she hears about how he is treating her precious needle," Elyssa laughed. 

With a needle in her wing, Dohna hovered precariously in the air. However, she was ready for Blaze. Her weapon motionlessly hung by her side, waiting for him to make a move. 

Without a weapon in hand, Blaze couldn't charge in. 

"You were supposed to go down to <em>that</em>!" he cried, exaggeratedly. "Why am I <em>so</em> unlucky? That's twice today that my clever plan has failed. <em>What are the odds?</em>" 

Dohna simply glared at him with narrowed eyes. Unlike his earlier opponent, there was no lapse in her concentration. 

Blaze considered chucking his gauntlets at her humorless face, but even as a joke, it didn't seem like a good idea. Getting rid of his only defense for a Hail Mary maneuver did not seem wise. Moreover, Thyra was watching from below, and he didn't think she'd like it. 

He retreated and began to materialize a weapon. 

Dohna was no slouch. She knew when she had an advantage. She pulled the needle out of her wing, chucked it aside, and raced towards him. However, Blaze was not so easy to catch. He dove down and dive-glided out of her reach. 

After putting some distance, he turned around to his opponent and stuck out his tongue to blow her a raspberry. "<em>You can't catch me</em>," he taunted in a sing-song manner, while circling around the edges of the arena. 

"I am ashamed to be seen as the same age as <em>her</em>," Aahna announced. "Big Sis Elyssa, please tell me she is, like, five." 

"It is classified information. Anyway, you <em>know</em> he is not always like this. He is just having <em>fun</em>." 

The others seemed to disagree. They were even more astonished by the fact that Elyssa thought that "he isn't always like this"<em>.</em> 

Blaze traipsed around the field, concentrating on the energy projection in his hands. Finally, he turned around to display his new weapon. 

"'Hose-Chaku'," he named the ingenious three-foot-long energy hose. "Meh. I don't like that name. Let's call 'em 'Blaze-chakus'," he declared, before beginning to twirl it in his hands. 

"Do you expect that to work?" Dohna finally spoke, unable to reign in her puzzlement. Her voice was a little higher than Blaze expected, but it wasn't unpleasant. 

The weapon that Blaze manifested looked ridiculous, but the way he twirled it looked practiced. Energy weapons collapsed if they lost contact with skin or some sort of a conductor, thus the fact that the Blaze-chaku didn't disappear as it rapidly switched between his hands, meant that Blaze knew what he was doing. 

"Tsk. What do <em>you</em> know? You may not be aware, but my mastery of the hose has earned me the title <em>Blaze Lee</em>. Moreover, your weapon can only be used in one hand. Mine needs two! That inherently makes it better." 

"Go, Blaze! Two hands are better than one!" Azalea's voice boomed. 

He charged towards his opponent once more. "Watch out, or you might take a hose in the face," he warned her, like the gentleman he was. 

Dohna remained unaffected. She watched him until he was in range, before sending her urumi at him. 

Blaze was waiting for it. He used the flexibility of the hose to slap away the tip of her blade. It was a risky move, but it somehow made contact. 

As the blade ricocheted away from him, he tried to get inside Dohna's guard to grapple her down, but the angel was ready for it. She fluttered back and up, as she revolved the blade over her head to bring it back to slice at him. 

This time, his nunchaku missed. The blade hit him in the chest, even as he tried to back away. His body reinforcement weathered the blow, but he lost points. 

He came to a hover to think over his moves. The Blaze-chaku weren't as effective as he had theorized. The angels weren't as good as the Pixies in back-and-forth movements, but Dohna seemed to have developed that skill with practice. It worked well with her weapon, whose main strength seemed to be keeping enemies at bay. Moreover, he was still wary of the dirk at her hip. 

So, Blaze ran away <em>again</em>. Circling around the arena, he began to think. Dohna wisely chose to go back to the center and wait for him. She already realized that she couldn't catch him, so there was no point in chasing after him and wasting her energy. 

<em>Should I just use the dash?</em> The Swift Wing Dash was a move he was saving for Nikolett. <em>No.</em> 

He glanced at his hose and another <em>bright</em> idea came to his mind. 

Tweaking the energy makeup of his hose, he made it thinner and more flexible. Then, he knotted it in the middle. Testing it, he was satisfied with its strength. Slowly, he began adding more knots. 

Dohna simply watched. She trusted her own defensive ability with the urumi, and she was more than happy to win the match with a simple point lead. 

Noticing his opponent's inaction, Blaze came to a halt and began to make his rope-chain longer. 

"Don't worry," he made casual conversation as he knotted. "I am a <em>gentle-angel</em>. In the name of chivalry, I shall not make my chain longer than your urumi." 

Dohna didn't bother to respond. 

"By the way, how long is your whip?" 

"Seven feet." 

"You may have to wait a bit then... Anywhoo, how is the weather in Lanoan?" 

"Pleasant." 

"That's nice. D'Warka is way too humid for my tastes. Thankfully, we don't sweat. Imagine how awful that'd be. All grimy and sticky. Ugh. It's simply not my thing. I wonder how sweaty creatures bear it. 

"Also, are there like lotsa' cool grasslands with horses running around in your country? Are you like a nomad-monk-warrior or something? That'd be cool." 

"Yes." 

He continued to nonchalantly chat as he tied his knots. It took him almost ten minutes to finish the entire chain. 

"Just a bit more. One knot here on this <em>end</em> and another knot <em>here</em>. Oops, I almost collapsed the whole thing right then. Wanna compare our sizes?" 

"I <em>do not</em> care." 

"Suit yourself," he shrugged, clutching the end of his chain and twirling it to test its stability. It took him a lot of focus and energy to build and maintain its form, making it no longer possible for him to use the dash in that match. 

"I must warn you," he continued, swirling the chain over his head. "Blaze Rider is <em>very</em> stronk. Vroom vroom." 

Suddenly, he shot towards her with the chain coiling over his head like a long-ass serpent. He twirled it twice over his head, before bringing it down on her. 

The end of the chain-whip clashed against her shield with a loud clang, and the next moment, her Urumi sought out Blaze's head. He swiveled to the side and took her sword with his reinforced wing. Spinning around, he brought the chain back to whip at her from the side, only to once again be met by her shield. 

It seemed like his opponent had not only trained to fight with an urumi, but also against one. Blaze pulled the chain back into his hands and ran away. 

As he flew away from Dohna, he surreptitiously affixed one of the ends of the chain to the knob at the wrist of his right gauntlet. Grabbing the other end with his left hand, he swerved around to once again face his opponent. 

He charged at her like before, but came to a sudden halt, wearing a look of great surprise on his face. 

"Oh look," he said, pointing to the sky behind her, "Is that Nikolett Lovag in a Night Angel costume?" 

Dohna couldn't control herself from glancing back. That's when he acted. He twirled the chain and threw his gauntlet at her feet. 

The Lanoan reacted quickly, but luck was finally on Blaze's side. The chain and gauntlet twisted around her ankle and locked itself in place. The alarmed angel whipped her Urumi at him, but Blaze simply weathered it with his energy reinforcement.  

"<em>Surprise</em>," he grinned, in a deep, gravelly voice. 

She tried to hit him again, but Blaze tugged and dragged her as he rapidly flew towards the arena's perimeter. She tried to resist, but Blaze was physically stronger, and he was already in control. He dove down and glided back up, building up angular momentum as he charged towards the end of the arena. 

He barrel-rolled twice before reaching the perimeter. Gliding upwards, he yanked the chain with a hefty grunt, letting go at the perfect moment and sending Dohna tumbling out of bounds. 

"Match decided. Victory: Blaze Er Lokra," the referee called out. 

Dohna managed to control her descent before she crashed to the ground on her feet. She dazedly looked up at the umpire and then at Blaze. 

"Sorry," Blaze called out to her. "I <em>had</em> to win," he said, before turning around and flying back to his camp. 

"You could have played that a lot safer," Aahna said, annoyed. "What if that gauntlet did not connect?" 

"It was a gamble, Aahna. I cannot afford to show my cards, yet. I can afford to lose a match in the group stage, but I cannot lose to Nikolett," he replied with a seriousness that was in stark contrast to the silliness he had displayed a few moments earlier. 

Aahna sighed in exasperation, but she seemed satisfied that he was taking things seriously. 

"Good fight, Ms. Blaze," Fiora praised him curtly, as they walked out of the arena. "There is a party tomorrow at the Malakim Sanctuary. Most of the participants from the top academies of the HU will be attending. It is not mandatory, but your presence will be expected. As a guest of D'Warka, it will be impolite for you to not attend." 

"Oh drat!" <em>At least I won't have to wear a skirt again.</em> 

*** 

When Blaze returned to the hotel, he found someone familiar waiting at the lobby along with Jie Er. 

"Mon Flynn!" he gasped, rushing to the senior angel. Aurnia Flynn, Rebecca's mother, was dressed in loose purple robes that barely hung off her buxom breasts. 

"What are you doing here?" Blaze asked, stopping in front of her. 

"I wished to watch you at the tournament," she smiled. "I am sorry that I missed your first day. I was supposed to travel together with Rebecca, but she has been delayed." 

"Will she be able to make it here before the tournament ends?" 

Aurnia took his hands and drew him to her bosom. "I hope so. Also, I would prefer if you just call me 'granny'. You really do resemble my daughter," she said, gazing into his eyes and stroking the side of his head. 

Blaze was a little surprised by her intimacy, but he slowly settled down between her cleavage, taking in her sweet lavender perfume. 

"Shall we catch up over dinner?" Aurnia suggested. 

"Granny, I must meet up with Agatha for the opening of her store. I only came back to inform Jie Er of the result of my match..." Blaze said. 

"It is alright, dear. Go have fun. I can wait. I also wish to spend some time with your mother," Aurnia laughed jovially. "Maybe you can come and sleep with me tonight? I can tell you stories in bed." 

Blaze was sold at the mere mention of stories. 

oOo 

That night, Blaze changed into his night clothes, gave Jie Er a good night kiss, and walked over to Aurnia's room. 

His knock was quickly answered by Aurnia, and she beckoned him inside. Her deep crimson hair was down and free, framing her mature face. She was wearing a short purple negligee with one sleeve barely hanging onto her shoulder. Thick, red mascara highlighted her magenta eyes while her crimson red lips immediately drew his attention. It could be said that Aurnia was a more mature and curvier version of Rebecca, but it only added to her charm. 

<em>Does she always dress this way for bed?</em> 

"Stories, or do you wish for something else?" she asked him, closing the door behind them. 

"Stories," Blaze told her. He was aware of her beauty and knew that if he didn't keep himself under check, they might end up doing something he'd regret forever. 

"Alright then, hop in!" she replied, walking over to the bed and gesturing to him to join her. 

Soon, the two angels were cozied up as Aurnia pulled Blaze closer to her bosom and began to tell her tale. Blaze was a little uncomfortable with the intimacy at first but became more relaxed as Aurnia's stories grabbed his full attention. Tired from a day of excitement, he began to nod off halfway through her story and was soon fast asleep against her chest. Aurnia tucked him under the covers and went to sleep beside him. 

<em>"Do you like playing with them?" Rebecca asked, as Blaze squeezed one of her orbs with his hand.</em> 

<em>"Auntie, why do they feel bigger than usual?" Blaze replied.</em> 

He woke up with a jolt as he realized where he was and who was sleeping next to him. He quickly withdrew his hand from Aurnia's chest as if it burned. 

<em>You idiot! What do you think you're doing?!?</em> 

Aurina lay asleep on her back and Blaze found himself curled up against her side, with his head resting on her right arm, which wrapped around his back till his waist, tightly holding him against her body. His right leg lay draped over her stomach. 

Her negligee was precariously low on her body and Blaze was acutely aware that if it fell any lower, he would get an eyeful of her bare breasts. 

<em>Close your damn eyes, you fool! Becky will kill ya if you did anything with her mother! Her mother</em>! a voice screamed in his head. 

<em>A small peek wouldn't hurt,</em> another voice in his head argued. 

The voices in his head were locked in a heated argument as his leg on Aurnia unconsciously shifted and pulled the hem of her negligee higher, almost to her hip, baring her smooth skin for his eyes to feast upon. 

The second voice won. 

He moved his hand over Aurnia's midriff and cautiously picked up the cloth between his fingers. He gave it a gentle tug and the silken garment slid down her nipple, exposing her heavy, glorious mounds. 

<em>Hela's damned butt! I am so, so dead</em>. 

Due to Aurnia's usual choice of attire, her chest always held a tan. However, her breasts were a pale creamy white, and her nipples were a wonderful pale pink. Her breasts were not as firm as Rebecca's, but they were bigger. 

Blaze couldn't stop himself from placing his palm on the bare skin of her breast above her right nipple and giving it a squeeze. She was so warm, soft, and incredibly squishy that his fingers felt like they were digging into a massive marshmallow. 

<em>Must... squeeze... more...</em> 

He started out gently and tentatively, but soon, his fingers got addicted to the feeling. He tried to feel her breast fully, but it was so big in his hand that it overflowed out of his hand. He moved his hand to the underside of her tit and slowly started to massage his way to her rosy nipple. 

<em>Maybe, this is worth the spanking that I'm gonna get when Aunt Becky learns of this.</em> He continued to play with her nipple until it was a small pointer in his hand. 

"Are you having trouble sleeping, dear?" 

The unexpected voice gave Blaze such a fright that he jumped in the bed and pulled his hand away as fast as he could. He glanced up to meet Aurnia's magenta eyes. There was no disapproval in them, only a strange light, whose meaning he couldn't unravel. 

"Er... I am sorry. Maybe it's because of the tournament. I feel a little restless," he defended his actions as a flush crept up his cheeks. 

Aurnia sat up on the bed and fixed her negligee. "Come," she said, taking his arm, "I know just the thing to let you relax and help you fall asleep." 

Blaze let himself be dragged out of the bed, but he came to a sudden stop when he realized where they were headed. Aurnia had her eyes on the tub at the back corner of the room. 

"Granny, I can't. I mean, I don't want to," he said, pulling back. 

Aurnia looked back at him strangely before something seemed to click in her mind. "If you are worried about your unnaturality, I already know about it. You do not have to hide it from me," she said, pulling him towards the tub. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 10|
--------------------------------------------
<em>That's not the issue. Ah, well, maybe a warm bath will put me to sleep.</em> 

Aurnia turned on the two taps of the tub before turning to Blaze. "You do not plan on bathing in your clothes, do you?" 

Blaze removed his tee and tossed it on a nearby chair. Aurnia raised a brow at him as he hesitated to remove his shorts. 

Letting out a sigh, he pulled them down and kicked them away. 

Aurnia's eyes lingered on his member only for a fraction of a second, before she smiled at him. "See, that was not so hard, was it?" 

<em>If you only knew what else is gonna get hard, granny.</em> 

Turning around, she leaned forward to test the water temperature. Blaze's eyes widened as her negligee rose over her butt and showed him a light reddish fuzz. 

"Why do you have hair down there?" he blurted out, before he could stop himself. 

Aurnia quickly turned around and sat down on the rim of the tub. "When you get to my age, dear, you stop caring about such things," she said, looking a little embarrassed. 

"Er... But, <em>why</em> do you have hair down there?" 

"Have you never seen pubic hair?" 

Blaze shook his head. He had seen his share of naked angels, but he had never come across pubic hair in his time in this world. 

"Well, it is not surprising, I guess. You are quite young. Pubic hair grows quite slowly, and most angels remove it with energy before it even shows. You will most likely start growing it too once you cross a hundred, although there are some who do not." 

"Hmm," Blaze mused at the revelation. He had assumed that angels didn't have body hair at all. <em>Maybe I can ask Rebecca to grow hers out a little.</em> 

"Bubbles?" Aurnia asked as the tub began to fill up. 

"Sure!" Blaze replied. Bubbles meant that their bodies wouldn't be visible underwater, and he currently did not need any more stimulation. 

Aurnia picked up a bottle by the side of the tub and poured it into the water, before beginning to stir it with her hand. Lilac-colored foam began to form on the water's surface. The water quickly reached three-fourths of the tub, with a thick, uniform layer of bubbles covering its surface. 

Aurnia turned off the taps and stood up. Shuffling out of the straps of her negligee, she let it fall to the ground. However, before Blaze could really appreciate her curves, she stepped into the tub and sat down. 

For once, Blaze was glad he couldn't see more. He stepped into the tub from the other side and began to sit down, but Aurnia grabbed his hand and pulled him towards her and onto her lap. His member rose inside the water as he felt her thighs against his butt. 

Aurnia picked up some foam and began to wash his hair. Her adept fingers felt wonderful against his scalp. Begrudgingly, he settled down into her lap and leaned back as her breasts pushed into him and worsened his condition. 

<em>Fuck it. If she doesn't mind, then I don't care at all!</em> 

"Would you like to hear another story?" she asked, gently massaging his scalp. 

Blaze nodded his assent. 

"Over the course of my ninety-seven years of service in the HU army, I served in a variety of places-- on the paddy fields of the Mesa Basin; the rocky and sometimes icy shores of Vaikunheim; the golden grasslands to the east of Aranya with roaming giraffatitans, Manticores, and cerafents; on the volcanic mountains of Lanoan where fire breathing salamanders scorched the earth; and the sunbaked deserts of the east, filled with venomous saraph and scorpions. 

"However, the most memorable of all my experiences was my time in the Yaksha rainforests, some two hundred years ago, while I was still a young naÃ¯ve private in the army. It was an era when the Yakshas were still split in their allegiance. The Oli supported the HU, while the Irul were under the Hela Empire." 

Blaze was immediately drawn to her story. Aurnia had told him some of her army tales before, but just from her voice, he could tell that this was different. She spoke in a whisper, and it seemed to contain a trace of fear and excitement. 

"I belonged to the 3<sup>rd</sup> Jungle Division- special forces assigned to take over remote villages in the north-western Yaksha forests, along the upper Tunga river. My unit was called the 'Green Cats', specialists at guerilla warfare." 

"Guerilla warfare?" 

"Ambushes, raids, hit-and-run tactics, and fighting from the trees." 

"Why would angels need to fight from the trees?" 

"Snipers! The Yaksha jungles are so dense that even light has a tough time penetrating through their foliage. Sniper nests were as common as the <em>Boitata</em> nests and both were just as deadly. No angel or demon under the archangel level dared to fly over the forest, unless they were a part of a larger battalion or had plenty of cloud cover. However, flying battalions made easy targets for anti-air cannons, so those were rare as well. Any ground covered was usually by land." 

"Oh..." 

"My unit was teamed up with a unit of Yakshas, and our Captain, Kara Mist, was a veteran of jungle warfare. We started out at the base of the Kunlun volcano and slowly made our way south, capturing tribal villages along the way. The purpose was to set up a supply route along the river. 

"There were difficult times and there were easy times, but those tales are for another time. Tonight, I want to tell you about Duo Lam, the village where our expedition ended. 

"It was a small mountaintop village, overlooking the river that cut through the valley below. We had received information that the village had a significant demonic influence, and considering its defensive location, we reached there expecting it to be the toughest fight of our campaign till then. 

"However, from the very moment we set foot on the hill, we felt that there was something strange about the place. The step-plantations were full of unharvested crop, yet they were devoid of any sentient life. Expecting a trap, our company set up artillery and support for our advance force, of which I was part. We gingerly made our way up the hill, using the crops, crags, and crevices for cover- hiding, watching, and anticipating their attack. 

"However, the only things that attacked us were the damned bugs. The farmhouses were empty and so were the fields. Many of us began to think that the villagers got news of our coming, and decided to flee, instead of defending their homes. However, our captain made sure that we were careful. After a steady two-hour trek, we finally reached the main village. 

"Once again, we were met only with silence. Now, we were sure that the place was abandoned." 

The story, and the way Aurnia narrated it, reminded Blaze of his experience at the Agrasen Baoli of Tir. Instinctively, he turned a little on Aurnia's lap to look at her face. Aurnia wrapped her arms around him and drew him closer. He wrapped an arm around her neck as he listened intently. 

"The houses were simple, made from burnt brick, but their outer walls displayed strange images-- of Yakshas and demons intertwined in the most intimate of positions, some ridiculous, and some plain impossible. 

"As we walked further, the images began to turn more explicit. Some houses contained sculptures that made the boldest of us blush. However, it was not until we reached the temple at the center that we came across something that changed our lives forever. 

"The temple was made of polished black stone, with its exterior covered in intricately carved sculptures. On our captain's orders, we broke through its locked doors, only to find tens of cylindrical stone objects strewn across its floors. 

"Most of them were of similar sizes and shape, about the length of my hand, a couple of inches thick, and curiously veiny. I remember picking one up and asking my Yaksha comrade, Kama, about its purpose. Kama was a talented young Yaksha, who was quite knowledgeable about the tribal villages. However, she was as clueless to the object's purpose, or the nature of the images and the sculptures as the rest of us. 

"But, we did not dwell on it. We had to secure the village and set up camp. 

"After every place we conquered, we sent a scout to report back to our commander, who was travelling along with the supply unit and the rest of our battalion. VPs were rare in those days and they also had a shorter range. We had to wait until we received new orders. 

"The village had enough houses for all of us, so after a celebratory dinner, we went to sleep in the comfortable privacy of these houses. However, there was one Yaksha who, instead of going to sleep, combed through the empty houses in the hope of finding something interesting. 

"Hidden in a strongbox in one of the outer homes, she found a book that illustrated the exact usage of the cylindrical stone objects." 

Blaze tensed as Aurnia's hand traveled down his stomach to his member. 

<em>Uh oh!</em> 

"On the second night of our stay, an angel sleeping near the Yaksha's house, was awoken by soft moans coming through the flimsy brick walls. She went to investigate and came across the Yaksha using the cylindrical <em>'Gan</em>' on herself." 

Aurnia's hand fully wrapped around his erect member and gave it a gentle squeeze. Blaze couldn't move, afraid of the story and where it was leading. 

"That night, an angel and a Yaksha <em>intertwined.</em> I don't know how it exactly spread, but as nights went by, one by one, the angels and Yakshas of our camp began to intertwine with their friends and neighbors. No one brought it up during the day, but, when night fell, those who had already experienced the Gan sought out those who had not. 

"The scout did not return, and on the ninth day, the captain sent out two more squads. On the twelfth night, Kama sought me out. As soon as I opened my door for her, she pushed me inside and kissed me. I did not know what was happening, but I had grown fond of her, and I could not push her away. 

"She was ravenous, and it surprised me at first. However, I liked how her soft lips felt on mine and it was intoxicating. She began to undress me as she pushed me to my bed, her hands hungrily seeking out all my curves. 

"As I lay there, naked and vulnerable, she spread my legs and went down on me. <em>That day</em>, I learnt that one could kiss with one's lower lips, and it felt heavenly. Moans like the ones I had been hearing and feared began to escape through my own lips. I began to leak, down there, and soon, I began to wish for something more. 

"Maybe Kama could feel it through my body, but she <em>knew</em> when I began to wish for more. She pulled out a Gan, and pierced me with it. Pain and pleasure spiked. However, the pain quickly faded, and the pleasure began to mount as she pushed and pulled the Gan inside me. 

"Within minutes, my body shivered in a <em>sweet, sweet</em> release. However, Kama was not done. That night, we <em>intertwined</em>." 

"Granny..." Blaze muttered weakly as Aurnia's hand began to gently pump his member. The movement of her hand was strange, almost as if she was dealing with something not a part of his body. 

"Let me finish my story," she said, almost forcefully. 

"The two squads we sent out did not return by their due date. We did not know how to proceed. We increased our defenses and our vigil. The days were tense, but the nights were filled with ecstasy. Fifteen days went by before one of the squads finally returned. 

"They came with two important pieces of information. The last four villages we had captured had been recaptured by the demons. Our orders were to abandon the village and return. 

"The second piece of information, however, sent a bigger chill down our spines. The inhabitants of the village had not been under the influence of just your everyday demons. They had been under the influence of the <em>Huldra</em>. When the captain heard of this, she ordered us to destroy all the Gan and anything related to them. 

"Some of us were reluctant, but there were enough of us that could still think straight. We systematically destroyed anything that we felt might be related to the Huldra, before we set out, back to our HQ. 

"While we travelled, Kama came over to my tent many a night. Though I desired to intertwine with her as much as she did, I spurned her approaches, afraid that it was somehow a means for the Huldra to control our minds. When we finally reached our HQ, our entire company was split and separated, and all of us were warned to never speak of the Huldra village, or our experience, again. 

"The war continued, and over time, I rose up in rank to Captain. I never saw Kama again, and I learned to not think about what happened. I was convinced that what we did at Duo Lam was evil and demonic." 

Blaze stiffened under Aurnia's arms, but she didn't seem to notice his reaction, and simply continued to tell her tale. There was a fervor in her eyes that almost seemed mad. 

"I must confess that I was pretending to be asleep while you did it to Rebecca that night. I could not see what you two were doing, but my daughter's moans were not unfamiliar. Yet, I convinced myself that it was just my imagination running wild. How could the two of you know how to intertwine? Rebecca has never been outside of Aranya and you are nothing but a child. 

"However, when my daughter mentioned your unnaturality to me the next day, I <em>knew</em>. My first thought was that you were a Huldra spawn. Then, I remembered that you are also a Righteous Fury. How could a demon display the Righteous Fury? Slowly, I began to wonder if intertwining was not inherently evil. Kama had always believed that. 

"Once I came to this realization, I once again began to crave the experience. The Gan we had used were cold and inanimate. I wondered how a warm and alive Gan would feel inside," she said, as both of her hands wrapped around his member. Her thighs separated under the water and Blaze found himself sinking between them. She pulled him closer, and he felt her curly fuzz against his hip as she gently grinded against him. 

"Granny... we can't," he whispered hoarsely, unable to escape her grip. 

"Please, Blaze. I have been waiting two hundred years for this. Can you not let this old granny once again feel that ecstasy?" 

"I-I can't. Rebecca doesn't want me to." 

"What does that brat know?! She is just jealous!" she said, roughly. 

Her harshness startled him, however, her tone quickly changed. 

"I will speak to my daughter, Blaze. I am sure she will understand. You don't have to worry about it. Do you not find me attractive?" 

"Aurnia..." he muttered, as he found himself being turned around on her lap. 

His eyes fell on the chest that was a little too well-endowed. Her pink nipples were fully puffed up and a shade darker than before. 

She quickly wrapped her legs around him and pulled him between her breasts. He felt his member pressed between her open lower lips, her fuzz tickling against its sides. Visually, clean-shaven might be better, but a bush felt the best. 

"Please..." she beseeched, as his cheeks were squeezed between two soft pillows. 

Reflexively, Blaze raised his hips. Aurnia did not miss the moment to reach down, grab his dick, and point it at her entrance. 

"Please," she asked once more, pushing his tip in, but unable to do more. 

Blaze felt his tip part her lips and he felt her warmth. He finally gave in and let gravity take over. However, Aurnia couldn't wait. Grabbing his butt with both hands, she pulled him in. 

"Oh, Goddess! It is so warm!" she cried, as their groins kissed. Then, she came. 

Her release was violent, hot, and plentiful; a distinctly fruity smell that reminded Blaze of a papaya arose from her release, despite it being under water. 

As the quivering of her body slowed, Aurnia took his head between her hands and kissed him. She tasted like a papaya, too. 

Blaze desperately needed to move, but Aurnia had her legs tightly wrapped around him, not allowing him any movement. However, as the intensity of her orgasm subsided, her grip on him eased. 

Immediately, he took her left breast into his hand and began to suck on her nipple, as he pulled and pushed out of her. 

Aurnia let him continue for a few moments, before she suddenly picked him up and stood up in the tub. Blaze looked up at her face questioningly and found that her previous fervor had disappeared. There was now a hint of apology in her eyes. 

"Do you wish to continue?" she asked him, unsurely. 

"Yes!" he replied. <em>How could he stop now?</em> 

"Okay. Let us move over to the bed," she said, setting him down outside the tub. 

Pulling out a towel from her space ring, she quickly dried him and herself, before walking him to the bed. 

Once they reached the foot of the bed, Blaze caught her arm and turned her around. Grabbing her butt cheeks, he pulled her towards himself and began suckling on her breasts as his fingers dug into the soft skin of her voluptuous butt. 

Aurnia was softer and curvier than any other angel he had fucked, and he loved it. She sat down on the bed and he climbed on top of her lap. He no longer cared about her age. His granny issues had always been at an emotional level, and Aurnia's actions that night had expelled them completely, at least for the moment. In fact, the idea of doing Rebecca's mother gave him a jolt of guilty pleasure. 

Slowly, Aurnia dragged him over the bed, until she was lying prone on the soft, comfortable mattress, and Blaze on top of her, attending to all of her curves and trying to stimulate every part of her body. 

Aurnia soft moans began to leak out of her mouth, and Blaze kissed her again, to taste her sweet papaya flavor and, just like papayas, Aurnia was soft, juicy, and sensuous. Blaze pulled her legs apart and went down between her legs; her split bush showed depths he had never seen before. It was as thick as a Yaksha jungle. 

Imagining his tongue as a young lone-wolf maverick in the Aurnian Union's army, Blaze trudged through the dense jungle, exploring its every hidden bit. Then, he fell into a creviceâ€”a deep, hot, flexible creviceâ€”that he couldn't get out of. He struggled in its depths, kneading its sides, trying to get out, but not really wishing to. Aurnia's release only sent him deeper. 

Finally, the central command sent for Private Lone-Wolf Maverick's retrieval. They wanted to send a tougher and bigger soldier to explore its depths. Unwillingly, Lone-Wolf was pulled out and replaced by a green beret. This green beret did not have a green cap, but he was big, strong, and sturdy. He was also a lance corporal. He beelined for the crevice, parting the well-wetted bush, and teetered around its entrance. 

"<em>Intertwine</em> with me!" Aurnian Union cried. 

"Roger that, AU. Digging in!" he announced, lancing his way into the crevice. 

AU arched her back in ecstasy as Lance Corporal Normous Dickhead entrenched himself completely, until he was no longer visible underneath the undergrowth. 

Blaze fell on her and Aurnia enveloped him with her arms and legs, her hands tightly gripping his butt and squeezing him. His head was cushioned between two massive fluffy pillows that danced with movement of their bodies, as Blaze grinded against her. 

Aurnia began to groan, her moans louder and more expressive than Rebecca's. Blaze loved the feeling of her bush against his groin. He wanted to pump but was reluctant to part with the jungle. <em>The jungle and I are one.</em> 

However, the LCpl began to get restless in the trench. He needed to dig more. 

So, Blaze began to push in and out of her, with slow, deliberate movements that were fully felt. Every thrust was separated by a long, heavy kiss of groins, the hair in between tickling Aurnia's nub and Blaze's skin. 

The thrusts began to grow faster with time, as Aurnia's hands explored every inch of his back and booty. She had multiple mini-orgasms, but Blaze saved up for the final push, waiting for Aurnia to have the best orgasm of her life. <em>How could some silly Yaksha who did not even know about sex show Aurnia a better time than him?</em> 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 11|
--------------------------------------------
Aurnia's body began to grow warmer and redder. Blaze felt her nipples hard against his chest, and they flicked against his body every time he went down on her. 

Aurnia's moans soon turned into whimpers. Her face shifted through a myriad of expressions- euphoria, sadness, regret, and bliss. Tears began to roll down her eyes, and though Blaze did not completely understand what was going through her mind, he knew that she was feeling good. 

Finally, Aurnia clutched him and pressed him to her bosom. Her hips rose, lifting him up, and she shuddered a couple of times, before drowning Lance Corporal Dickhead in a hot papaya-flavored bath. 

The lance corporal burst and came <em>inside</em>. Afterall, he was a dickhead. 

Spent, Blaze quickly fell asleep in her warm hug. 

oOo 

The next morning, Blaze woke up and found a naked Aurnia sitting on the edge of the bed, facing away from him, and seemingly deep in contemplation. 

"Granny?" he called out to her. Her body perked up at his voice, but she took a moment to speak. 

"I am deeply sorry about last night, dear. I do not know what came over me. I should not have rushed you in that manner. Please do not worry about Rebecca. I will speak to her. This is my fault." 

Blaze suddenly felt very sorry for her. She had been curbing her desires for two hundred years. He couldn't control himself for a <em>week.</em> He crawled up to her and hugged her. 

"It's alright granny. I don't mind," he comforted her, "but you do have to speak to Aunt Becky for me. I don't want to get spanked for this!" 

Aurnia chuckled. "Do not worry, I gave Becky her fair share of spanking when she was your age." 

*** 

After breakfast that morning, Blaze met up with Aahna, Fiora, and Alice to head over to the main stadium. Nikolett Lovag's first match was scheduled that morning and he didn't want to miss it. 

The central stadium was a massive colosseum-like structure, consisting of five floors of viewing stands. It was one of the largest structures Blaze had ever seen, both on Earth and Azra-El. Even the largest of castles he had seen thus far felt small and insignificant beside it. It was made of white marble, and had hundreds of eight-foot wide pillars supporting its gargantuan weight. 

As the group of angels walked through its colossal entryway, Blaze heard a shout directed towards him. 

"Brachel!" 

He turned around and spotted an angel with blonde hair making her way towards them through the crowd. He paused and the rest of the group stopped with him. 

"What are <em>you</em> doing here?" he asked her, when she reached them. 

"Here for the match," Lynn answered. 

Blaze cursed himself for the stupid question. Lynn was a Caledonian. <em>Of course, she would come to watch Nikolett Lovag. I wonder if she came to see mine?</em> 

"Marquess Lianara Burghess. She likes to disguise herself," he introduced her to the others. If they were surprised, they didn't show it on their faces. 

"May I walk with you?" she asked, after greeting his friends. 

"Don't you have friends of your own to hang out with?" he asked, as they walked to their seats. 

"I do, but I cannot be Lianara right now," she replied. 

Blaze wondered if she was up to something again, but if she was, he didn't want to know about it. 

They climbed up to the fourth floor and sat down on the step-shaped polished stone that made up the seating area. The fifth floor was reserved for royalty and the heads of societies. Lynn sat beside Blaze, and the two of them quietly watched the stadium fill up with angels. 

Thousands of Caledonians flocked to the stadium to watch Nikolett's match, making Blaze wonder how many would come to watch his match against her. Clio had mentioned that there were at least eighteen thousand Aranyan visitors at D'Warka. 

"Who are you supporting?" Lynn finally asked. 

"Whoever is facing Nikolett, but I doubt she has a chance against <em>her</em>." 

"Do you think <em>you</em> have a chance against <em>her</em>?" 

"Doesn't matter what I think. I just have to <em>win</em>." 

"Blaze, have you ever considered moving to Caledonia? The Malakim are not cruel. They will allow you to spend time with Sky." 

"<em>Sky is</em> <em>mine!"</em> he said harshly, startling her. 

However, on noticing the regret in her eyes, he calmed down. "I am sorry." 

"You should at least consider transferring to the University of Bologna. I am a student there as well." 

Blaze gave her a simple nod and began searching for the two combatants. 

On the west side of the arena was a small contingent of greyish-blue-haired angels, surrounding a young angel in her fifties. The whole group on average was shorter than most angels, but taller than the pixies. Blaze quickly deduced that they were Sylphs. 

On the east side stood a group of Caledonians, but Blaze couldn't tell which of them was Nikolett. Surprisingly, he found Astrid standing together with the Malakim. 

"After the tournament, would you like to hang out sometime?" he asked Lynn, after trying to catch Astrid's eye and failing. 

"I would like that." 

As the day reached nine in the morning, an umpire flew into the middle of the arena. She beckoned towards the Sylph and looked towards the Caledonian group. Every angel in the stadium had their eyes affixed on them. The identity of Nikolett Lovag was a mystery to most, and this was the first time she was to appear in public. 

Suddenly, Lynn pulled off her wig, revealing her real hair. It was short, silver-colored, wispy, and styled in a bob. Standing up, she pulled out a short sword and a buckler. 

"What are you doing?" Blaze exclaimed, as she manifested her ten-foot long, elliptical wings. They matched the color of her hair and were incredibly wide. 

"I am sorry," she said glancing over her shoulder, with melancholic eyes. "I tried to tell you, but I did not know how. I never intended for any of this to happen." 

She jumped and took to the air, leaving nearby angels flustered and confused. Blaze's first thought was that Lynn was there to assassinate someone, but then, it dawned on him. 

<em>The old Streltsy division of Angalnebo were known for their skill with bardiches!</em> 

His thought was confirmed when Lynn flew straight towards the umpire and the Sylph. She gave them an ama and readied herself. 

Blaze's mind reeled as a sense of betrayal hit him like never before. His fingers painfully dug into his stone seat as he unblinkingly stared at Nikolett. <em>Had it all been an elaborate scheme?</em> 

"Blaze?" Aahna called, scooting towards him and placing a comforting hand over his shoulder. 

"Do not let this affect your mind, Ms. Blaze. That is probably what the Malakim want." 

Like the pixies, Sylphs hatched with four wings, but their wings resembled those of a bee rather than a butterfly. Their wings were weaker than those of the pixies, but Sylphs were adept at manipulating the flow of air around them, making them almost as agile as the pixies. 

The Sylph whom Nikolett was fighting was the sixteenth seed of the tournament, so she was no pushover. Just like Siofra, she held a rapier in one hand and a rotella in the other. 

"BEGIN!" the umpire shouted. 

The Sylph shot towards Nikolett. She was fast- almost as fast as Siofra at her best- and she came at her opponent with a sharp thrust. 

Nikolett swept her sword at her with impeccable timing. Her reach was longer, and the Sylph had no choice but to defend herself with her shield, but almost as soon as they clashed, she changed directions. 

Her movements felt counterintuitive as she flowed through the air as if it didn't exist. In fact, the wind seemed to respond to her thoughts as it blew in the direction she wanted. 

She swerved around Nikolett and came at her from the left, as her shield had a shorter range. Nikolett was forced to block her with her shield. The next moment the Sylph wound up her arm and threw the rotella at Nikolett's face. 

<em>Hey, that's my move!</em> Blaze cursed in his head. 

However, the next moment, he felt glad that someone else tried it on Nikolett before he did. 

The Malakim wasn't even fazed by the abruptness of the throw. She deftly knocked aside the projectile with her shield. 

The Sylph panicked and tried to put some distance between her and Nikolett. However, despite her speed, it wasn't that easy to negate her forward momentum. Nikolett was upon her within a fraction of a second. 

The Sylph tried to ward her off with her rapier, but Nikolett had a shield and she did not. The Malakim simply diverted her thrust and swung her sword at the Sylph's neck, stopping just before it hit her. Though the Sylph had body reinforcement, she understood that Nikolett's swing would have done her harm. 

She conceded before her rotella hit the ground. 

"Victory: Nikolett Lovag!" the umpire declared, and the stadium erupted into cheers. 

However, Blaze felt none of the jubilance. He recognized that the Sylph was no pushover, yet the match was over in the blink of an eye. If there was one word he could use to describe Nikolett's fighting style, it was "clean". She was steady, had no excess in her movements, and was constantly aware of her surroundings. Her flair was that she had no flair, and it worried him more than it would have if she defeated her opponent with an overwhelming show of strength or technique. 

The Sylph gave Nikolett a small ama and retreated. Nikolett threw a quick glance at Blaze before flying to her group to celebrate her first victory. 

"It will be a difficult duel, Ms. Blaze," Fiora stated, not giving him any false hope. Fiora was one of the few angels that understood Blaze's strength. 

Blaze did not reply. He simply stood up and removed his black wig. He wasn't sure why he did it- he simply wanted to. Unfurling his wings and not caring about the looks of surprise he received, he told Fiora where he was heading, and shot straight towards his destination. 

He found Elyssa in her room, preparing for her next match. He quickly told her what happened. 

"I knew it! There was something I did not like about her," she said to Blaze, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Do not let this get to you, Blaze. She is a deceitful little Malakim carnike. Do not even think about her. Just focus on your matches and win back Sky. If only I could participate in your tournament, I would have kicked her ass for you." 

"No thank you, I will do it myself." 

"Sure, but I want to do it too." 

Elyssa's words and presence helped Blaze get a handle on his raging emotions. He gave her a warm hug and went with her to watch her second match. 

Her match helped him take his mind off Nikolett. Elyssa's opponent that day was a rare kind of angel. 

Her race was called the Marid, a type of Djinn, who flew by turning the lower parts of their bodies into a gaseous form. They also had a demonic counterpart, called the Ifrit, who were more numerous. 

Elyssa's opponent fought with an enormous heater shield and a long scimitar. Marid were slow fliers, but they were incredibly steady and sturdy. Their flight was strange, seemingly fluid, yet somehow lagged. Elyssa's blows against her shield barely managed to move her. It was almost as if the Marid was rooted to the air around her. 

It was also hard to land a hit on the Marid, as physical weapons simply went through her lower body without hurting her, while she protected her upper half with the shield. 

Thus, it turned out to be a long and arduous battle, but Elyssa ultimately came out on top, disarming the Marid of her shield, and cutting down her chest reinforcement. 

oOo 

Blaze <em>breezed</em> through the rest of the matches of his group stage. However, it didn't appear so to those that were watching. His most common tactic was the hit and run. 

He would pick up a random weapon, try it out, and see if it worked. If it worked, he would contest his skill against his opponent and defeat them, mostly through the strength of the counter. If it didn't, he would run away, make a new energy weapon, and return to try that out-- rinse and repeat, until he won. The only special skills he displayed were the dive-gliding technique and his unnatural physical prowess for an angel his age. 

Most newspapers that discussed his matches argued that the Blazing Fury, though exceptional for his age, was a little overrated. Some even claimed that he was winning only through sheer luck, and that he was making a mockery of the tournament. 

However, The Aranyan Weekly had a different take on things. 

<em>...Let us assume that the Blazing Fury is just a silly child. Can such an angel manifest the Righteous Fury?</em> She cannot<em>. That means Blaze is simply hiding her skills to have an upper hand in her fight against Nikolett. Moreover, I believe that none of her competitors thus far have been able to force her to use her true strength...</em> 

oOo 

On the sixth day of the tournament, Blaze attended one of Priscilla's matches. Priscilla was to fight the third-best competitor in their bracket, and she had to win the fight to ensure that she moved on to the next stage. 

Blaze and his minion army found her sitting in the dugout, with her eyes closed and seemingly in deep meditation. Fiora, Alice, and a primly-dressed brunette stood by her side. Priscilla's mother was an Aranyan marquess, and she had a similar snobby attitude as the Caledonian nobility. 

Blaze beckoned to Kida to follow him quietly, and the two of them tiptoed up to the young Malakim. 

"Gaaaah!" they both yelled, startling Prissy out of her trance. 

"What are <em>you</em> doing here?" Prissy scowled at him. 

"We are here to support our precious schoolmate in her all-important match," Blaze replied, donning an innocent expression. 

"Are you trying to pick a fight with me?" Prissy growled. 

"No, of course not. When have I ever tried to pick a fight with you?" he asked, sitting down beside her and placing an arm over her shoulder. 

"Get off me," she snarled. 

"Okay, okay, fine. Man, it's not easy to make friends with angels these days." 

Priscilla looked at Fiora in protest. 

"Ms. Blaze..." Fiora chided him, while the marquess looked at Blaze with distaste. 

"Hey! I really am here to support her. She is a Tir student, after all." 

"Just keep it quiet and do not distract her," Fiora told him firmly. 

So, Blaze simply sat by Priscilla's side until her match began. For some reason, ever since he discovered Nikolett's identity, he had a strange urge to bring Priscilla to his side. So, when the match began, he and his friends sincerely cheered for Priscilla, surprising her mother and the headmistress. 

Priscilla fought her opponent with valor, but her adversary severely outmatched her. The dark-skinned angel from Alkebulan was an expert archer and brought her bow to the tournament, which was quite uncommon in the tournament as physical arrows were easily warded, and energy arrows were the skill of archangels. However, this archer's bow had blades attached to its ends. She used her arrows at short range, and expertly combined her arrow shots with quick lunging swipes from her bow-blades. 

Priscilla was forced to concede when her opponent managed to get through her shield's guard and shatter her energy reinforcement, at around five minutes into the match. 

"Good show, Prissy," Blaze praised, when she returned from her fight. 

Priscilla simply scowled at him, thinking he was taunting her. 

"I am not making fun of you. I think you've improved quite a bit since the last time we fought. And, to be honest, I always respected the way you fought." 

Priscilla was surprised and a little flattered. "Still does not change the fact that I lost..." she shook her head. 

"So what? I've lost to Siofra now and then, yet you've always won against her." 

"Yet, the pixie has not lost a single match in the tournament, and I have." 

"Well, she's improved quite a bit too. You just have to work harder." 

"Why are you being so nice to me, all of a sudden?" she asked. 

"Maybe I just wish for your support in the tournament." 

"Fat chance, that." 

oOo 

On the twelfth day of the tournament, Siofra faced her toughest opponent in her bracket. The match was between the 7<sup>th</sup> and 10<sup>th</sup> seeds of the USMAT, and as such, it was the most even match of the tournament, especially since Siofra had shown during the tournament that she was even more talented than predicted. 

The betting odds reflected this sentiment, as they were exactly 50-50. Even Blaze, the most ardent of Siofra's supporters, wasn't sure if she was going to win. Though Siofra would still proceed to the next stage, even if she lost, Blaze didn't want her to lose. Moreover, if she lost, he would have to face her in his first match of the elimination round, and he didn't want that. 

However, Blaze could not go and support her during her match, as his final match of the group stage was scheduled at the same time-- his opponent, <em>Ragna Fulladottir</em>. 

Since the two of them were quite familiar with one another, they immediately flew to the center of the arena to have a conversation before the match began. He gave her an ama and then turned to Fulla, sitting in Ragna's dugout, to give her a deeper bow. He felt a deep gratitude towards Fulla, for without her berserking technique, he didn't think he had a chance against Nikolett. 

"Axes or swords?" he asked the young berserker from Vaikunheim. He wished to fight on the same terms as Ragna, not because he looked down on her, but because he had immense respect for her and her mother. Moreover, this was his last match in the group stage, and he had won the rest. The result of his match against Ragna had no effect on his placement in the elimination round. 

"You are stronger than I, Blaze, and more talented. That much is already clear to me. I do not have nearly as much control of my flight as you. So, there is no point in fighting in the air," she said, seriously. "If you are willing to have a duel with me on the ground, I will forfeit the match, regardless of the result." 

"Huh?" 

"No weapons, no tricks. Just our bodies, body reinforcement, and the way of the berserker." 

"But why?" 

"If you defeat me under these conditions, my mind shall be put at ease, knowing that there is someone worthy enough to carry on my mother's way. Will you accept?" 

"Of course," Blaze replied. "But, are you sure you want to forfeit?" 

"I never had any desire to make a name for myself in the martial way. I am only here because I have always had a lingering vexation that I was abandoning my mother's lineage. I need you to prove to me that there is someone else even more worthy to carry her techniques forward! Unfortunately, none of my kin are as talented as her." 

Blaze gave her a nod and slowly descended to the ground. Ragna smiled and followed. She had never fought him before, but she was acutely aware of his skills. She had always been watching when he was learning from her mother. 

"What is going on?" Kida wondered, at the dugout. Many had the same question in their minds. 

"A berserker brawl," Elyssa quietly replied. 

Blaze stood in front of Ragna and appraised her form. From afar, one could mistake the ginger-haired angel in front of him to be <em>dainty</em>- for a Viking. However, one had to stand by her side to notice her lean, yet pronounced, musculature. Her sharp blue eyes, steeply rising brows, and slim lips, though pretty, displayed an unmistakably gritty and tenacious strength. 

"Ya, ready?" he asked her, unconsciously flexing his biceps as the umpire landed a few feet away. 

"Give me your best," Ragna replied, with utmost confidence. 

Blaze planted his left foot forwards and ploughed his right fist at Ragna's face. Having been trained by Fulla, he knew exactly how tough a berserker could be, but it still took him by surprise when Ragna dug her feet into the ground and voluntarily took his punch on her hardened jaw. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 12|
--------------------------------------------
The murmurs in the stadium went quiet. 

Ragna's lips widened into a nasty grin as her eyes developed a mad light. 

It sent a shiver down Blaze's spine. Ragna was usually a little reserved around strangers, but once she got to know them, she was quite affable. However, <em>this</em> Ragna almost felt like an entirely different person. <em>Do I look the same when I smile like that?</em> 

He drew his hand back and Ragna immediately sent a punch towards his face. Instinctively, he raised his arms to block it. His body reinforcement negated most of the damage, but he still <em>felt</em> it. Through the gap between his arms, he saw Ragna's smile widen even more. <em>A tinge of doubt and fear crept into his heart. He</em> was wary of her punches, but <em>she</em> wasn't! 

The next moment, her left crashed into his gut, knocking the air out of his lungs and making him stumble. However, Ragna did not stop. Her right hook ploughed into his right arm, knocking it into his left, and creating a gap in his guard. Her left fist came from below in a deadly uppercut. 

If Blaze had stepped back in fear, her uppercut would most likely have struck his chin and knocked him out, or at least done enough damage to end the match. However, the first 'B' of berserking- battle instinct- finally decided to kick in. 

With a hefty grunt, he sent his forehead into her fist. It hurt, but he was sure her fist hurt as much. Continuing with his momentum, he rammed his shoulder into her chest to push her back. 

In response, Ragna wrapped her arms around his neck and ploughed her knee into his ribs. 

Blaze weathered the blow through sheer force of will, and wrapped his arms around her waist, hoping to lift her up and slam her into the ground. Somehow, in the corner of his mind, he realized that Ragna was attaining the berserker state quicker than him, and that he needed to stop her momentum. 

However, an elbow into the intersection between his neck and shoulder loosened his grip enough to allow Ragna to wriggle free. She nimbly stepped aside and swiveled around on balls of her feet, to send a reverse sweep at his legs. 

It managed to trip him, but he simply rolled over the grass and sprang up to his feet. 

He turned around just in time to block a turning kick. 

Over the next couple of minutes, Ragna continued an unstoppable onslaught on Blaze. She managed to achieve the peak of her berserking in a little over a minute, and Blaze had no recourse but to remain on the defensive. However, the intense amount of concentration required to ward off her attacks helped him slowly fall into a rhythm. It was her rhythm, but it still helped him attain an unwavering focus. 

Slowly, the balance of the fight began to even. However, just as Blaze's mind crossed over the threshold to reach his berserking state, Ragna retreated and stood up in a neutral stance, bringing the fight to an abrupt halt. 

"That is enough. I am satisfied," she said. "Thank you, Blaze. You have set my mind at ease." 

"Uh... okay?" Blaze said, dropping his guard. He was a little confused, and did not know how to respond to her words. 

"I forfeit," she said, turning to the umpire. 

"Victory: Blaze Er Lokra!" the umpire declared. The audience, who had not been privy to the earlier conversation between Blaze and Ragna, were even more bewildered by the turn of events. 

"Blaze, I do not know how you can do it, but if you can find a way to achieve your berserker state quicker, it may increase your chances against Nikolett." 

"How the Hela would I do that?" 

"I do not know," she shook her head, suddenly manifesting her wings. "See you in a bit. I am heading over to Siofra's stadium. Maybe I can catch the end of her match." 

She took off, leaving Blaze mulling over her words. His entire body was sore, and bruising began to show over his skin. Rubbing his arms, he walked back to his dugout. Suddenly, the idea that he had at the Burghess Palace returned. He had simply wanted some music at his match, but now he wondered... 

"Do you guys play any musical instruments?" he asked his minion army. 

"Bayou is amazing with the shield drum," Azalea immediately offered. 

"I can strum a lyre," said Rachel. 

"I sing sometimes, mostly when I am alone," said Kida. 

"Az can play the drums too," Bayou ratted out her friend. 

"Perfect! I've got the lyrics. Now, we just need to teach Elyssa to play the bass," he said, turning to Elyssa with an evil grin on his face. 

*** 

Blaze and his group reached Siofra's match just in time to hear the result. 

"Eitani Aziza, 37 points. Siofra Eoiwagn, 35 points. Winner: Eitani Aziza!" 

"What happened?" Blaze asked Ragna, landing beside her. Her cheek was now a little blue from his first punch. 

"Does the Pixie Prick require a lot of energy?" she asked. 

"Maybe... but it shouldn't be too much, why?" 

"I have not seen her use it since I arrived..." 

"Maybe she used it before. It must've taken a toll on her," Blaze said, looking at Siofra and her opponent. Both the combatants looked spent, but Siofra held a serene smile. So, Blaze simply assumed that she had tried her best. 

oOo 

Blaze suddenly found himself with a three-day break in the tournament. He was the first angel in his group to finish all his matches of the tournament. The scheduling had been rigged to ensure that there would be no variables that prevented him from facing Nikolett. 

However, Blaze decided to look at the positive side of things. He had three days to have fun and plot against Nikolett. The first day, he spent his time arranging a music band for his fight against Nikolett. He also took his gang out to buy two beanies for Rachel and Kida. The beanies were <em>very</em> important. 

On the second evening, when the group returned to the hotel, Blaze found Rebecca and Jie Er at the lobby, along with Splash. 

"Aunt Becky!" he cried jubilantly, rushing to the red-haired angel and giving her a mighty hug. He had missed her more than he cared to admit. Splash hopped shoulders, curling up around Blaze's neck and chattering in his ear. 

"I hear that you have been kicking butt in the tournament," Rebecca said, lovingly caressing his head. 

"Of course. Did ya expect anything different? I am the greatest angel this world has ever seen!" 

"Elyssa, dear, make sure to put him in place after he defeats Nikolett. Seems like the thrashing he receives from Jie Er and I is not doing its intended job," Rebecca said to Elyssa. 

"Ely would never abuse me like you do!" he laughed, leaning back and looking at Rebecca. She looked like she had lost some weight and there were bags under her eyes. 

"Have you aged in the past few weeks?" 

Rebecca smacked his head. "It is just that tensions are running high at the border. I have not been able to get much sleep. The demons have not attacked since their retreat, but we are still clueless to their purpose. We do not know when they may attack again. General Sturm will not leave the border, even to come and watch Elyssa's final, though she decided to give me an exception. Thank her for me, Elyssa." 

"I will." 

"Now, if you guys do not mind, I would like to spend some time with Jie Er and Blaze," she said to his group, before dragging the two of them back to their room. 

As soon as they were inside, she slammed the door shut, pushed Jie Er against it, and began to voraciously kiss her. Jie Er held Rebecca's head with both hands and kissed her back with equal passion. For a couple of minutes, the two seemed to forget that Blaze was still around. However, he didn't mind one bit. There was something remarkably beautiful about angels kissing. 

"Okay, let us move this to the bed," Rebecca said, when they finally broke apart. 

Suddenly, Blaze remembered that he had something to tell her. 

"Er... Aunt Becky...," he said, shamefacedly. 

"<em>What</em> did you do?" 

"Er... I-I sorta did it with your mother. I swear, it was not my intention!" 

Rebecca was confused for a moment, before understanding dawned on her. Realization gave way to anger, and she took a threatening step towards him. 

"Wait! I can explain," Blaze said, backing away. 

Her eyes narrowed. "Explain!" 

"It's all granny's fault!" he yelled, and scrambled out of the door. 

"Goddess dammit, mother!" Rebecca cursed, inside the room. She asked Jie Er to stay and went in search of Aurnia. 

Blaze spied from over the staircase, behind the balusters. When he saw Rebecca leave to the lower floor, he tiptoed his way back to Jie Er. 

"Er... Do you think she will forgive me?" he asked her. 

"Sooner or later." 

An hour passed before Rebecca returned to their room. She still looked angry. 

"You!" she pointed her finger at Blaze. "Go sleep with granny for the night. Just sleep, and nothing else!" 

"Okay," he agreed, picking up his things. "Are you still mad?" 

"Obviously, but that is not why I don't want you here tonight." 

"What do you mean?" 

"It seems that my mother has some interesting tools in her possession. I am not entirely sure, but I would wager that you do not want to see me wear this," she said, pulling out a strap-on with a smooth, cylindrical stone acting as the phallus. 

Without uttering another word, Blaze turned around and fled. 

That night, he had the worst nightmare of his life. An army of ginormous dildos and strap-ons waged a war to wipe him out of existence. Private Lone-Wolf Maverick and Lance Corporal Dickhead were left quivering in fear. 

*** 

The next day, Siofra called Blaze to inform him that Aleaya Glitterdust, the Pixie Princess, had arrived in D'Warka. So, Blaze decided to pay her a visit, along with Jie Er and Rebecca. 

Unlike the Xian and the Aranyans, the Pixies did not have a separate embassy in D'Warka. Aleaya Glitterdust was housed in the HU Headquarters. 

"You are just as I imagined, and more than I expected," the Pixie Princess said in a lilting voice, to Blaze and Jie Er while they sat around the tea table sofas in her chambers. 

Her smile was kind and joyful, and there was something mischievous behind it. Her emerald-green eyes were the same, but they also seemed to hide a brooding melancholy. According to Siofra, Aleaya was 281 years old, but physically, she did not appear any older than Jie Er. 

Her current attire was simple-- a long white gown, clinched by a green cloth belt. A golden leafy crown adorned her ash-grey hair, which was swept back into a thick braid. Small emeralds lined the outer ridge of her long and sharp pixie ears. 

"How so?" Blaze asked, while he observed Siofra respectfully serve the princess some tea, before proceeding to fill the other cups. 

"Well, you are an <em>archangel</em>," Aleaya said to Jie Er, and turned to Blaze, deeply gazing at his nirn, "and you are... never mind. It does not matter. What can I do for you today?" 

"Nothing, I merely wished to meet you and give you my gratitude for the Txiki Needle. It was very generous," Blaze said, graciously. 

"No, you stood up for a pixie <em>more</em> than any angel has done in the past six hundred years. The needle is a mere gesture compared to that. Do you have anything else you wish from me?" 

Aleaya Glitterdust was the sole leader of the Eastern Pixies. The only reason she was called a princess was because the throne of the Pixie Lands was currently under the Hela Empire. The princess still hoped for a day when they would be united, and thus, never took up the title of "queen", which would officially separate the Pixies into two queendoms. So, a wish granted by Aleaya Glitterdust was not something to be taken lightly. However, Blaze did not feel like he deserved it. 

"No, I don't think so..." he said, but then an idea popped up. "Actually, there <em>is</em> something. Can I whisper it in your ear?" 

"You may." 

Blaze got up and whispered his wish. The princess' eyes went wide, but soon, a mischievous grin sprouted on her lips. "Siofra, come here," she ordered. 

Giving Blaze a questioning glance, the young pixie meekly approached the princess. Suddenly, Aleaya grabbed her arm, pulled her down, and planted a peck on her cheek. 

For a moment, Siofra stood like a deer caught in the headlights, as heat began to rise in her cheeks, almost cartoonishly. Then, she swooned. Blaze caught her before her knees gave in. 

"You are a good angel, Ms. Blaze," Aleaya said, after their laughter slowly died down. "No matter what the future has in store, I hope you always remain good friends with Siofra." 

"I will," Blaze replied, tightly hugging the pixie in his arms, even though she was currently digging her fingers into his arms out of embarrassment and anger. 

*** 

The first match of the elimination round, between Blaze and Siofra, fell on a Joeidie. It was a much-anticipated duel- a fight between two friends, one of whom displayed the Righteous Fury for the other- and as such, thousands of angels and merangels flocked to the central stadium to watch the drama unfold. Joeidie was a day of the week when even the merangels of D'Warka did not have to work. 

Blaze entered the Colosseum through the southern gates, along with his minion army, Jie Er, Elyssa, and Alice. Fiora, on the other hand, went over to Siofra's side. 

Siofra entered the stadium almost at the same time as Blaze. Ragna and Tonya were by her side, while a large entourage of pixies followed behind her, led by the Pixie Princess in a regal green dress of flowing robes that curved stylishly around her body. 

The Pixie Princess was small, not more than six feet, but her presence was gravitational. Everyone in the stadium had their eyes on her, rather than the combatants. Blaze tried to catch Siofra's eye, but he found her wistfully staring at the Princess. 

However, she finally did glance at him, and gave him a nod of acknowledgement, before heading to her dugout. Blaze went to his. 

"Blaze," Jie Er suddenly said to him, placing a hand over his shoulder and looking at Siofra's dugout. "The two of you must put forth your best tonight, no matter the result." 

The excitement among the pixies surrounding Siofra was easy to see. Just the Pixie Princess' presence showed how much Siofra's performance in the tournament meant to them. 

"Yeah..." he said, manifesting his wings and pulling out the Txiki needle and a long dagger whose weight was similar to the needle's. How could he not fight his favorite pixie with her favorite weapon of choice? More than that, he wanted to make a statement. 

Most pixies seemed to recognize the needle as they stared at it in wonder. Siofra pulled out a rapier and a small rotella. 

"Good luck," Elyssa whispered in his ear, and Jie Er patted his back. Stepping forth, he flew into the arena, and Siofra met him in the middle. 

"Blazey," she said, hovering like a big butterfly, "if we fight, there is a chance that you may lose." 

Her face bore a neutral expression, reminding him of the first time he had met her. 

"I <em>know</em>, Siof...," he said. Though he didn't want to lose, he really wanted her to go all out against him. 

Siofra had once told him that she would forfeit the match if she ever faced him in the tournament. However, it was different now. Over the past six months, she had grown much more than anyone had anticipated, even herself. Now, she bore not only the weight of her own expectations, but the expectations of all pixie-kind. It had been ages since a pixie had performed well in the HU's martial tournaments, and as such, the hopes of the pixies were burdened on Siofra. 

"I am going to fight seriously and to the best of my ability, Blazey," she said. 

"I wouldn't expect anything else." 

"If you cannot defend yourself properly against my Pixie Prick, you will probably lose." 

"Bring it <em>on</em>. I've got the bigger prick." 

"..." 

Siofra glared at him, before her lips broke into a smile. "Just <em>kidding</em>," she said before turning to the umpire. "I forfeit." 

Blaze, the umpire, and the audience were stunned into silence. Asherah Eoiwagn looked aghast, while the Pixie Princess bore a reflective smile on her face. 

"Oi!" Blaze protested. 

However, Siofra did not even bother looking at him. She turned towards the pixies and gave them a full bow, before hovering straight, with her head held high. "I am sorry, everyone. I <em>am</em> a pixie and Blaze <em>is</em> an angel, but we are siblings at heart. I truly love him, and knowing what is at stake, I cannot possibly put my heart into this fight. Blaze is fighting for his <em>family</em>, and I will <em>not</em> <em>be</em> the reason he loses it. 

"I also believe that fighting this duel half-heartedly, only to lose, is a deeper betrayal of your hopes than forfeiting. I am <em>sorry</em>. I hope you can forgive me." 

Though her words were apologetic, her expression held no guilt. 

Blaze quickly flew to her side. 

"Dammit, Siofra. Why are you doing this? I don't agree with it!" 

"Blazey, have you considered the fact that if we fight to the best of our abilities right now, you will have to display the abilities you have been hiding? What is the point of us fighting between ourselves, only for Nikolett to benefit? We can always spar after the tournament and decide on who the real winner is. I <em>do not</em> need a stupid medal," she told him. 

Blaze did not have any rebuttal. Suddenly, he grabbed her hand, and raised it towards the pixies. 

"From today, the Blazing Fury is a pixie!" he declared, leaving them even more dumbstruck than before. 

Siofra pulled back her hand and rapped the back of his head. "You moron. You cannot be a pixie just 'cause you declare yourself to be one." 

Blaze reached out and grabbed her pointy ear. "You brat! How can you hit me for my heartfelt feelings?" he said, pulling on it. "Are you saying I can't be a pixie just because I look a little different? That's racist." 

"Leggo, dumbass! And, stop spouting nonsense. You look nothing like a pixie." 

"Okay, fine!" he said, letting go of her fuzzy ear, and once again turning to the crowd. "From today, the Blazing Fury is an angel-pixie." 

"What the <em>Hela</em> is that?" 

"An angel who identifies as a pixie." 

The Pixie Princess burst out into a peal of clarion-like laughter, and the pixies couldn't stop themselves from smiling. The pure-hearted relationship between Blaze and Siofra was clear to see, and they couldn't say <em>no</em> to that. 

The only unhappy person in the arena was Asherah, who was currently staring daggers at her daughter. However, since Siofra had already forfeited, there was little else to be done. 

Blaze and Siofra descended to the ground and he wrapped an arm over her shoulder. 

"So, lil' pix, you've finally accepted me as the Big Bro, eh?" he laughed. 

"Who accepted you as the Big Bro? I said we were siblings. I still wanna be the Big Bro." 

"Well, I can't deny that your words earlier did make you seem a little like a Big Bro... but just a little," he sighed. 

"I always seem like the Big Bro beside <em>you</em>. The only time I did not was when you had the whole Righteous Fury thing going on. Without it, you are just a brat." 

"Don't make me pull your other ear." 

"I dare you." 

The bickering continued back and forth for a few moments, before Blaze finally glanced at Asherah. "She doesn't look too happy," he whispered into Siofra's ear. 

"I don't care. I have done nothing wrong this time. If she is going to punish me for it, then so be it. I am not afraid." 

"Do you want me to kidnap you?" 

"Not today, Blazey. I wish to watch the rest of your matches, so I am going to go and face my mother." 

"Do you want me to come with?" 

"No. I will give you a call later tonight. Do not worry about it, with the princess around, my mother will not do anything drastic." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 13|
--------------------------------------------
So, the pixie and the <em>angel-pixie</em> separated, and walked back to their sides. Though the match was a forfeit, the audience got a show, so most left the stadium satisfied. 

"I am sorry..." Blaze said to Jie Er, when he reached his side. "We could not show you our best." 

"Oh, but you did," Jie Er said, with the proudest of smiles. 

Thus, ended the first match of the elimination round. That evening, Nikolett Lovag won against Dohna Llamo, and qualified for the quarter-final match against Blaze. Two days later, Blaze faced her in the main stadium. 

*** 

"Caledonia Forever!", "Long Live Nikolett Lovag!", the delirium-filled crowds, lining each of the marble steps of the massive stadium, shouted in the early afternoon sunshine, dressed in bright summer clothes and waving flamboyant hats, Gryphon feather fans, and bison tails at Nikolett. 

"Bla-zing Fury!", "Bla-zing Fury!", chanted the Aranyans filling the southern stands. The merangels who sat nearby were not as vocal, but no one could mistake the subject of their support. Blaring trumpets, blowouts, squawkers, and the excited cries of young angels added to the cacophony. 

The noise only kept getting louder as the stands kept getting fuller. The stadium was hot and muggy, but except for the posh nobles seated in the upper rows of the stadium, few seemed to care. 

A cool sea breeze blew from the east, bringing some relief from the heat. One could taste the salt in the air, and it mixed well with the smell of roasting seafood, covered in rich, greasy oils and sauces, cooked along with succulent vegetables and fruits that were garnished in the most fragrant of herbs, being sold throughout the stadium. 

Over seventy-five-thousand angels from all over the Heavenly Union came to watch the duel. The audience included many dignitaries, including the Cardinal Superior of the Malakim, Gabriel Sephirah, who sat with her cardinals, one of whom was Amanah Tudor. Amanah caught Blaze looking at her, and she returned his gaze with a scornful smirk. Her deep-set hazel eyes were beautiful yet unpleasant. 

The highest row was split into 14 separate blocks, representing various nations of the HU, including the Pixies and the Fairies. All the blocks, except the one reserved for the Fairies, were occupied. The Malakim sat right above Nikolett Lovag's dugout. Duchess Burghess and various Caledonian nobility sat around them. CG and her mother sat at the Xian block, surrounded by their royal guard, while Aleaya Glitterdust sat with her pixie contingent. Duchess Anastasia Marigold sat at the center of the Aranyan block. 

It was to be a historic moment, and Blaze felt it as he sat in the middle of his dugout, surrounded by his friends and family. He closed his eyes and tried to tune out the din of the stadium, as well as the din in his brain. 

To the left of the dugout, his minion army busily arranged the instruments and tools required for the first performance of The Blazing Band. Robyn and a friend of hers helped them set up the instruments. 

Kida was the lead singer, Rachel was on the lyre, Azalea and Bayou worked the drums, Elyssa was on the bass, and Aahna and Bi were the background dancers. Ragna, Siofra, and Tonya stood nearby, unable to decide on what they were going to do. 

Blaze had taken Anastasia's help to procure the required permissions. The Caledonians and the HU had allowed it, thinking that it was going to be a small show before or after the match. They didn't think it was going to have any influence on the match. 

When it was time, Jie Er placed her hand on Blaze's shoulder, and broke him out of his meditation. 

"You guys ready?" he opened his eyes and asked his friends. 

"Yeah!" 

"Do not worry, we will take over if required," Robyn reassured him. However, Blaze needed his friends to play for him, not a hired band. 

As the clock struck eleven, he manifested his wings and jumped. Nikolett did the same, from the other side. 

As he flew towards her, a multitude of questions popped into his mind. <em>Are you truly a Malakim? Are you intolerant towards the pixies? Do you think the Undine are inferior creatures? Do you... care?</em> But, only one question really mattered in that moment. 

"Are you intent on taking Sky from me?" he asked her, imitating Siofra's expressionless countenance. Nikolett's silver wings posed a strange contrast to his red and white- more so than any other color. 

"Yes." 

"Why?" 

"Because I am a <em>knight</em> and I am better qualified to be the first quetzal rider," she told him, unwaveringly. "I like you, Blaze, but some things are more important than our <em>feelings</em>. You are not suitable to be a quetzal knight. You are erratic and emotional. Qualities that are antithetical to what a <em>knight</em> stands for." 

Her words only served to strengthen his resolve. "I am sorry," he shook his head. "Sky is <em>mine</em>. You can't have him. Let me ask you something else, though. Have you ever considered whether a quetzal is a <em>suitable</em> steed for a knight?" 

"He is just an animal. He will be trained." 

"You are <em>wrong</em>, and Sky will never be trained by the likes of you. But, I guess there is no point in further conversation. Let's begin." 

"Whenever you are ready," Nikolett said. She hovered in mid-air with a straight back, full of confidence. Except for a bardiche, she held no other arms. 

"Begin!" called the umpire. 

Blaze glanced over his shoulder, raised his arms horizontally to the skies, and pumped them up. 

Rachel began strumming her lyre in a rhythmic beat. The sound of her instrument silenced the crowd. 

Blaze held the Txiki needle in his right hand as he began to manifest a second weapon in his left. Though the duel had begun, Nikolett simply watched, giving him time to prepare himself. It looked like she wished to ensure that no one held any doubts of her martial superiority over Blaze. 

Azalea began striking her drums. Powerful strokes resonated through the air and sent reverberating booms across the stadium. Bayou's fingers, fitted with wooden caps, began to dance over her shield drum, producing deep, clear, resonating notes. 

The 8-beat tune he had taught them was a simple one, but Bayou decided to add her own unique twist to it. It was flighty and playful, yet somehow inspiring. 

Kida's head began to bob to the beat, her entire body bouncing in rhythm. Her black hair swished around the grey beanie that Blaze had purchased for her. Rachel, wearing a similar but black beanie, stood by her side as she strummed Jie Er's golden lyre. 

As the steady percussion of the instruments brought the entire stadium into their rhythm, Kida brought the voice projector up to her mouth. Bobbing her other hand in the air, she yelled- 

~<em>YO!</em> 

Her tiny crystalline voice blared through the sound-horns that surrounded the stadium. 

<em>~YO!</em> 

Her second "yo" made everyone focus on the tiny angel. 

~<em>Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity</em> 

<em>To seize the only Quetzal you ever wanted, in one moment</em> 

<em>Would you capture it, or just let it slip?</em> 

Her voice was a little tentative to begin, but with each word, her confidence grew along with her volume. 

Suddenly, the drums blasted forth, along with Rachel's lyre. 

~<em>Yo! His fists are mighty, knees deep, arms are heavy</em> 

<em>There's energy on his chest already; it's all steady</em> 

<em>He's not nervous, he looks calm and ready ...</em> 

The angels of the stadium looked bewildered. <em>Was this supposed to be music?</em> It sounded like somebody was merely speaking in rhyme. However, everything, including Kida's and Rachel's buoyed motions, had a strangely invigorating effect. 

The Undine who had come to support the Fury, slowly began to nod and bob their heads and bodies to the beat. The Aranyans in the audience followed. 

Blaze began to smile as the flap of his wings began to sync up with the beat. He couldn't have been happier with his choice of song. Adrenaline coursed through his body like it never had. He had never been so nervous, so excited, and so absolutely itching for a fight. 

He wasn't looking behind, but he knew that the "evil" grins on his friends reflected his own. Two, especially, were over doing it. 

Ragna stood beside Siofra as the two curled their arm muscles and scowled at Nikolett. It suited the young and brawny Viking, but Siofra simply looked funny. 

Nikolett looked between her opponent and the musicians on the ground, and understanding slowly dawned upon her. But, Blaze didn't care whether she realized it or not. It was not intended to be a secret. His grin only got wider and madder as he condensed a falchion in his left hand. 

There were two reasons for Blaze not choosing a zweihander in the match- the best counter against a bardiche. The first, was that he could always manifest it if it was needed. However, he couldn't replicate the quality of a real Txiki needle. 

For some reason, he had a gut feeling that the needle would help him in the match; after all, the Pixie Princess had sent him the needle right after his duel against Nikolett had been announced. He felt like there was a reason for it. 

The second reason was that he simply had the urge to fight with two weapons, and to go madly berserk. 

~<em>He needs no</em> <strong><em>two-hander</em></strong><em>, to</em> <strong><em>smack</em></strong> <em>her from down under</em> 

<em>He's gonna set the stad in flames like Michelle's light banner</em> 

<em>She opens her mouth, but the words won't come out</em> 

<em>She's choking, now? No angel will be joking now</em> 

<em>The clock's run out, time's up, overâ€” blaow!</em> 

He shot towards Nike like his wings were on fire. He didn't feel obligated to give her any forewarning. Kida's shout was enough. 

Clang! 

Three weapons collided. Blaze had swung his weapons from the top right as hard as he could, and he was glad that she chose to defend instead of taking a sweep at him. It ensured that he could keep going. More importantly, she was already inside his range. 

He was already in the zone, and the music was the reason. 

~ <em>His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope</em> 

<em>He knows that he's swole, he's so gallant, he knows</em> 

The real surprise of the first clash was how strong Nikolett was. She took Blaze's attack head-on without even being pushed back. Though it would've helped her to use the momentum to back away from him, she held her ground. <em>Knights do not retreat. Knights do not play tricks. Knights stand their ground or charge ahead.</em> To her, running away was for cowards. 

Blaze hooked his falchion against the base of her bardiche blade, and powered it to the side, before thrusting his needle at her face. 

Nikolett turned her bardiche around, unlocking it from the falchion within a fraction of a second. Quickly changing her grip, she thrust the butt of her bardiche into his face, uncaring about the approaching needle. 

There was no mercy in either of their eyes, and they preferred it that way. 

Blaze noticed the hole in the butt of the bardiche as he raised his left gauntlet to guard against her thrust. It pushed him back, but in the last moment, he opened his fist and caught the staff. 

With a loud grunt, he pulled her towards himself, shoving the needle towards her. 

"Hua!" Nikolett grunted, and flapped her wings heavily, pulling herself and her bardiche away from his thrust. 

"Show this pixie-lover her place, Ms. Lovag," someone screamed from Nike's dugout, as Nike pulled out of Blaze's range. "You are the strongest. A mere Aranyan brat cannot defeat you!" 

Blaze did not stop. How could he? He was just beginning his dance. 

~ <em>The moment, you own it, you better never let it go</em> 

<em>You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow</em> 

<em>This opportunity comes once in a Blaze-time, YO</em> 

As Nike pulled away, she used gravity to bolster her movement, thus ending up lower than Blaze. Folding his wings behind him, he dropped down on her, swinging his weapons, but they weren't meant to hit her. He was still out of range. Instead, he used the momentum of his swing to twist around in the air, before opening his wings and swiping his <em>steel wing</em> at her. 

Nikolett blocked it. Her weapon's blade dug into his feathers despite their hardening. However, Blaze was berserk, and he was already spinning. He used his wing to sweep her weapon away, before he spun around and clocked her shoulder with his other wing. 

The solid contact slowed his descent, while it sent Nike diagonally away towards the ground. 

Alarm and uncertainty sprouted in Nikolett's eyes for the first time that tournament, as she hastily tried to regain her balance. If she could stop his momentum, she would have the chance to counterattack. 

The distance between the two increased to fifty feet. 

<em>BOOM,</em> a sonic boom echoed through the stadium. 

Blaze disappeared. <em>The Steel Wing Dash</em> combined with <em>the Blazing Pirouette.</em> 

Instinct made Nike thrust her weapon in Blaze's direction. She missed him. 

<em>Thwick,</em> the sound of something being penetrated followed the boom. 

Blaze reappeared in Nike's spot with the Txiki needle extended outwards, while she shot towards the ground. 

<em>Thud</em> 

~<em>Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope</em> 

<em>There goes rapid, she choked, she's so mad but she won't</em> 

<em>Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows</em> 

Nikolett landed on her feet and the butt of her bardiche. Dust rose around her as she staggered and fell to one knee. 

The umpire simply watched. 

Somehow, the song matched reality, and it had nothing to do with how Blaze had planned the fight. Kida was simply matching the lyrics with his moves. He didn't even think he would end up using his dash so early in the duel, but he saw an opportunity, and he took it. 

However, he wasn't the only one with a special technique. A fraction of a second before Blaze's needle reached Nikolett, a silvery, translucent screen of energy, two inches thick, had popped up between them. 

It shimmered in front of Nike before collapsing. 

Slowly, Nikolett got up to her feet, glancing up at Blaze. She was rattled, but other than momentum, she hadn't lost much. However, the same could not be said about Blaze. 

Any keen-eyed angel could tell that Blaze's move utilized massive amounts of energy. It was impressive that an angel of twenty years could accomplish such a feat. However, performing it a second time during the same match was something that most would bet against. 

Nikolett wasn't sure if Blaze could use it again or not. He was certainly talented, but she was sure that he needed a rest period to imitate it again. 

Blaze saw from her expression that she'd realized his weakness. 

As she pushed her wings to regain flight, he dove down on her. A grounded angel was a weak angel, and he needed to keep Nikolett grounded. 

~ <em>She nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera</em> 

<em>Is told, it unfolds, I suppose its old, partner</em> 

<em>But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah</em> 

She swiped her weapon, not giving him room to dodge as he descended. 

Blaze did not use his weapons to block. Instead, he raised his arms and took the bardiche blade against his gauntlets. She tried to force him away, but he let go of his needle and grabbed the blade by the hollow space between the blade and the shaft. 

He landed and pulled her down with him. She was grounded once again. 

The audience watched the duel with rapt attention. Priscilla, who was standing along with Tir's students, had her fists gritted, and held an unfathomable expression. She knew how dominant Blaze could be on the ground. Nike needed to get back up in the air, but at that moment, she wasn't sure if she whole-heartedly wanted the Malakim to win. 

Letting go of the bardiche, he rushed towards his opponent, while grabbing his needle along the way. 

Nike tried to block his incessant charge, but she couldn't stop herself from being pushed back. Blaze gave her no chance to regain her composure. 

His swings on the ground were stronger and more stable, but Nikolett was no amateur at fighting on the ground. 

She had been forty by the time her wings were long enough to fly, so she had spent most of her initial years rigorously training, either on Pegasi, or fighting on land. Despite being an angel, she possessed more experience fighting on land than Blaze did. 

<em>~Baby Malakim drama, screamin' on and too much</em> 

<em>For him to stay on one spot, another jam or not</em> 

<em>Has gotten him to the point, he's like a</em> <strong><em>slayer of god</em></strong> 

<em>To formulate a plot to end up winning or shod</em> 

<em>Success is his only</em> <strong><em>motherfreaking</em></strong> <em>option -- failure's not</em> 

The fight soon devolved into a rapid melee. 

Blaze's falchion broke through her guard and swept at her neck. A thin, silvery shield popped up and blocked it. It wasn't as thick as the one from earlier, but it served its purpose. It seemed that, unlike Blaze, she could use her technique multiple times. 

The benefit of external shields over body reinforcement was that they negated the immediate physical effects on the body. 

The music continued to play in the background, but Blaze didn't need it anymore. He had reached the peak of his focus, and only the duel's end could break it. 

~<em>His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope</em> 

<em>He knows that he is swole, he's so gallant, he knows</em> 

<em>~When he goes back to his home in Varan, that's when it's</em> 

<em>Back with his Sky yo, this whole rhapsody</em> 

<em>Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and</em> 

As Nikolett tried her best to keep the berserking angel at bay, it soon became apparent to her, and everyone else, that they had severely underestimated the Blazing Fury. 

Nothing about his usual demeanor made one think that he was so strong. The Caledonians had seen his impulsive and childish side, but now, they realized that there was a more focused and serious side to him as well. 

Everyone knew about berserkers. When they were in the zone, they could not be stopped until the fight was over, one way or the other. There were no pauses, and Nikolett couldn't expect one. She couldn't hope to find a moment of relapse that might help her regain control of the fight. She began to regret giving him a chance to build up his momentum. She had known that he could berserk, but she didn't even imagine that he would attain the state so quickly. 

Blaze's strikes were stronger and faster than they had been while they were in the air, and Nikolett couldn't match his raw power, especially as she was now on the backfoot. 

<em>~The moment, you own it, you better never let it go</em> 

<em>You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow</em> 

<em>This opportunity comes once in a Blaze-time, yo</em> 

Those words kept echoing in her mind, making her constantly think about <em>that</em> part of her <em>weapon</em>. She had hoped she wouldn't have to use it. Though it was approved, she still felt it was wrong. However, she could not see an alternate option. 

<em>[Chorus]</em> 

<em>~You better lose yourself in the music</em> 

<em>The moment, you own it, you better never let it go</em> 

<em>You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow</em> 

<em>This opportunity comes once in a Blaze-time, yo</em> 

<em>You better...</em> 

His berserking began to gain a new tempo, and he only seemed to grow faster with time. Or maybe, it was Nikolett that was growing slower. It was almost as if he could recognize her movements. The music made her fall deeper and deeper into his rhythm. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 14|
--------------------------------------------
She <em>had</em> to do it. 

After a particularly heavy sweep of her bardiche that sent him skidding backwards, she began to channel her energy into her weapon. A thin gleam of silvery light began to cover her blade and the shaft, but it was far too faint to notice it from afar. Blaze saw the sheen, but his berserking mind was in no state to understand it. 

Her energy shields got weaker and weaker each moment, and it only encouraged him to push on. 

Tightly gripping his weapons, he battered her with attacks that left her with no room to retaliate. He had always been a brawler, and in a pure brawl, he had never been defeated, even against Elyssa. 

Anyone else in the USMAT would've been overwhelmed under his barrage, but Nikolett weathered his blows with her staff and her energy shields, taking every moment of respite between the blows to channel more and more energy into her weapon. 

Jumping back after warding off a nasty thrust of the Txiki needle, she pushed Blaze and his falchion away from herself, before thrusting her bardiche into his stomach. 

He sidestepped and parried the blade to side, swiveling against the shaft of the blade to slash his falchion at her neck. 

~<em>Success is my only motherfreaking option- failure's not</em> 

<em>You better lose yourself in the music</em> 

<em>The moment, you own it, you better never let it go</em> 

<em>You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow</em> 

<em>This opportunity comes once in a Blaze-time, yo</em> 

<em>You better...</em> 

A flimsy shield popped up to protect her neck, but it was only enough to make his attack pause for a moment. She used that fraction of a second to lunge forwards and throw a punch in his face. 

The fist connected, but Blaze weathered it like the "man" he was. Dropping the needle, he grabbed her shoulder, and ploughed his forehead into hers. 

It left them both reeling. 

However, it seemed like Nikolett anticipated the move. She planted the blade of the bardiche into the ground, and hopped over to the other side to put some distance between them. 

As Blaze turned around, his step faltered for a second. Despite body reinforcement, a punch in the face and a headbutt were not something he could simply weather without any side effects. 

Suddenly, he saw the butt of the bardiche being pointed towards him. The hole in the shaft suddenly made sense as it began to glow like a miniature star. 

<em>Shit!</em> 

BOOM! It erupted. 

Blaze managed to bring up his steel wings, but the energy tore through his feathers and hit him right in the face. His body reinforcement broke. 

<em>Sky is mine!</em> His mind adamantly screamed. 

His neck snapped back with a sickening crack, and darkness overtook him. 

*** 

Blaze's falchion teetered and collapsed out of existence. His empty eyes seemed to glare at Nikolett for a moment, before they rolled back into his lids, and his body flopped to the ground. 

"Match decided. Victory: Nikolet Lovag." 

Those words sent three sides of the stadium into an eruption of celebration, while the Aranyans, the pixies, and the Undine went quiet. It had been going so well until that last moment. 

How? Weren't rifles banned in the tournament? 

Jie Er, Rebecca, Elyssa, and Siofra rushed into the field as the umpire and a medic flew over to Blaze. 

Jie Er reached him first and fell beside him to cradle his head in her arms. She checked him, and relief visibly spread over her face as soon as she confirmed that he was simply knocked out. 

"How could she do that? Are rifles not banned?!" Siofra asked Elyssa, who was currently glaring daggers at Nikolett. 

Rage began to boil inside Siofra. More than she had ever felt in her life. Even when she had been bullied and discriminated against by the angels, she hadn't felt as much emotion as she did at that moment. 

"It is not really a <em>rifle</em>," Elyssa muttered through gritted teeth. "She simply used the groove in her bardiche to direct her energy. There is no energy stone, and the shot is only effective in short ranges. Seems like it has been approved by the organizers..." 

"That is just semantics! A rifle is a rifle." 

Siofra was pissed. Blaze had been the better fighter in that match. How could one unanticipated move cost him his beloved Quetzal? She refused to accept it. It was absolute <em>injustice</em>. Sky was his to begin with, and Nikolett had used a cheap shot to rob them of <em>their</em> friend. 

Siofra had seen Blaze use similar tactics throughout the tournament, but logic often did not prevail when it came to family or loved ones. A fury raged inside her, and she saw only one way to release it. A <em>way</em> that the Pixie Princess had once mentioned to her. 

Thus, she made a <em>vow</em>. 

Jie Er passed Blaze into Rebecca's arms, and began to stand up to speak to the crowd, and the dignitaries present at the stadium, but the glow that suddenly surged out of Siofra made her pause. 

Nikolett, who had been glumly staring at the unconscious Blaze, noticed the change in the pixie almost instantly. Her eyes flared wide like saucers. 

The stadium once again began to grow quiet, as one by one, the angels noticed the pixie. A bright yellow light began to radiate from her body. Not blindingly bright, but bright enough to blur her form. 

"Righteous Fury!" Priscilla sucked in her breath. 

Fiora and Alice nodded. All three of them had witnessed Blaze's Righteous Fury. Though Blaze's fury had been white hot, they could feel the similarity. 

A melancholic smile sprouted on the Pixie Princess, as she watched the event unfold. 

A little away from the Pixie Princess, Cardinal Amanah Tudor, sitting with the Cardinal Superior of the Malakim, held a vastly different expression. 

"How can <em>she</em> display the Righteous Fury? She is her friend, and we have done no injustice!" Amanah asked the Superior. 

Gabriel Sephirah was silent for a moment, before she spoke. "It may not be a <em>true</em> Righteous Fury. There is a way to force it..." 

"Oh?" 

"However, even if it is not a true Righteous Fury, it still implies that the world energy has recognized an injustice." 

Whispers ran around the stadium, as Siofra slowly walked towards the Txiki needle that had fallen out of Blaze's hand. 

Picking it up, she sneaked her fingers through its needle-head-like grip and gently caressed along the length of the crystalline needle. The Txiki needle was light, yet it <em>felt</em> heavy<em>.</em> The look of longing in her eyes was visible, even from the stands. 

Wielding a Txiki needle had always been a dream of hers, yet, when Blaze had proffered her the weapon, she had declined it. She had wanted to <em>earn</em> it. Yet, now, none of that mattered. She raised her needle at Nikolett, and spoke. 

"<strong>You</strong> have <strong>no</strong> right to take Sky away from Blaze. <strong>Fight me</strong>!" she said, her tiny voice somehow booming in the ears of everyone in the stadium. The yellowish-golden aura around her brightened with her words. 

"Okay," Nikolett agreed, bringing out her silvery wings and hopping back into the sky. 

The umpire had no obligation to oversee the match, but the power of Righteous Fury compelled her. 

Siofra unfurled her beautiful, translucent, butterfly wings, and followed Nikolett into the sky. Her wings were red and orange, while Blaze's were red and white. The similarity was not lost on the audience. 

"What is that ivka doing?!" Amanah cried, jumping to her feet. "We have no obligation to take up her challenge. The Quetzal is ours, according to the agreement," she huffed, bringing out her wings, intent on going into the arena and stopping the duel. She was confident in Nikolett's ability, but the Righteous Fury brought her doubt. 

"<em>Stop</em>," Gabriel commanded. "Let them duel, Amanah." 

"Begin!" the umpire shouted, as soon as the two duelers got into position. 

A shield knight like Priscilla countered Siofra's fighting style, but a Pegasi knight who was not on a Quetzal could only be a warrior, and Siofra countered warriors. 

Nikolett charged towards Siofra as soon as she heard the umpire's cue. She wasn't going to make the same mistake she had made with Blaze. On reaching the pixie, she swept her bardiche at her midriff. 

Siofra's wings <em>fluttered</em>, making her disappear from Nikolett's sight. <em>Flutter</em> was a pixie technique that made it almost impossible to anticipate the direction of a pixie's movements. 

The pixie swooped in with a sharp thrust from Nikolett's blind spot, but even before she was inside her range, Nike's bardiche swept back at her. Siofra took the blade with her needle but was thrown away by the force of contact. 

However, Siofra did not lose her balance. Blaze had done it to her way too many times for her to lose balance. 

Nikolett's bardiche came at her in a thrust, and Siofra once again disappeared. She tried to get inside Nike's guard again, but she was once again met by the bardiche. 

Siofra was like a sturdy kite in a strong gale. Nikolett's attacks could easily overwhelm her, but she flowed between them. Her pixie wings also aided in dampening Nike's attacks, by flowing with the direction of her swings. 

Suddenly, a voice erupted from the stands. Rachel had grabbed the VP from Kida's hand, and began to sing acapella. She had once seen Siofra as an outsider, but now, she realized that they were all friends, who supported one another, no matter what. 

~<em>Yo</em> 

<em>Yo! Her hands are mighty, she's meek but her arms are heavy</em> 

<em>There's energy on her chest already: its steady</em> 

Rachel's voice cracked, but the Blazing Band came to life as they realized that their work was not yet over. 

<em>She may look nervous, but she's calm and ready</em> 

<em>To drop bombs, but she keeps on forgetting</em> 

<em>What she wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud</em> 

<em>She opens her mouth, and the words just come out</em> 

<em>Nobody is joking now, that</em> <strong><em>stupid angel</em></strong> <em>will be choking, now</em> 

<em>The clock's run out, time's up, overâ€”blaow!</em> 

Slowly, the crowd around the band began to join in, and the stadium came alive in song. 

Suddenly, the weight of the Txiki needle in Siofra's hands lifted. Her whole life, she had no one to watch her back. She had never felt a true sense of belonging with anyone or any place-- even with the pixies. Now, she not only had pixies watching her back, but also angels and merangels. 

She didn't want to be a mere kite in the wind anymore. She wanted to be the spear that could pierce through any storm. 

The next time Nikolett's sweep reached her, she fluttered, ducked under it, and rushed towards the angel. Nikolett pulled back her weapon to tag her with the sharp lower edge of her blade. 

Siofra weathered the blade cutting through her body reinforcement and used the force to thrust the needle at Nikolett. 

<em>Pixie Prick!</em> 

An inch-thick, silver shield materialized in front of the angel to block the needle. At first, it seemed like the shield blocked the thrust, but the next moment, it shimmered and collapsed. The needle dug into Nike's body-reinforced chest. 

Startled, Nike hastily retreated. Though the needle had not been able to pierce her skin, it stung. She quickly realized what had happened. The Pixie Prick was multiple thrusts in one attack, aimed at the same spot, made possible by synchronizing the thrusts with the rapid back and forth movements of a pixie. It was very effective against energy shields. 

Nikolett's eyes narrowed as she seemed to realize that the duel had just become harder. She had been confident in her ability to block the Pixie's attacks with her shields, but now, they had become vulnerable. 

She had just fought a grueling battle with Blaze, and her energy resources were running low. Her movements had also grown a little sluggish. In contrast, Siofra was fighting at her peak. 

However, Nikolett was not one to make excuses. If a <em>pixie</em> didn't care about taking a blow to land an attack on her opponent, then how could <em>she</em> back down? 

The next time Siofra managed to get inside her guard, she angled her shield just enough to divert the needle. The needle grazed her shoulder, cutting through her sleeve and body reinforcement, and drawing blood. However, Nike found the opening she was looking for. 

She kicked as hard as she could, into Siofra's gut. 

Siofra doubled back as the blow managed to take her breath out of her lungs. The next moment, Nikolett's bardiche came sweeping at her midriff. She fluttered back just in time to avoid the blade, but her top was not as lucky. Uncaring, she shot forward for more. 

For fifteen minutes, the angel and the pixie fought without inhibition, neither backing down, no matter the amount of damage they took. Their clothes were reduced to tatters, and their bodies were covered in bruises, scrapes, and streaks of blood. 

"Stop!" the umpire finally called. 

Nikolett and Siofra came to a halt in mid-fight, the needle set to strike Nikolett in the face, and the butt of the bardiche poised to ram into Siofra's chin. The Blazing Band finally grew quiet. 

The two duelists backed away from each other, and Siofra immediately flew to the ground. The radiance around her body quickly receded and lethargy immediately set in. Her wings flickered and collapsed out of existence, and she sat down, feeling woozy. 

"Siofra Eoiwagn, 58 points," the umpire announced from the air. "Nikolett Lovag, 56 points. Winner: Siofra Eoiwagn!" 

The southern stands erupted, and Siofra fell on her back with a wide smile on her face, and tears streaming down her cheeks. Though she had fought a weakened opponent, she had fought and won against <em>Nikolett Lovag</em>. More importantly, she had won for Blaze! 

"What a thrilling match!" a voice boomed through the sound horns around the stadium, bringing Siofra out of her musing. 

She sat up to find Cardinal Tudor standing at the topmost level of the stands on the Malakim's side and speaking into a VP. 

"It has been a thrilling match. The pixie has exceeded our expectations and won. I commend her wholeheartedly!" Amanah said, giving a pause for the Aranyans and pixies to celebrate. 

"However, this was not an official duel, and Ms. Lovag had to fight two opponents one after the other. Ms. Eoiwagn has won, but it is of no consequence to the result of Ms. Lovag's match against Ms. Lokra. So, as agreed at the delegate meeting at Sekat, the Quetzal's custody shall from this day forth be handed over to the Malakim." 

The cheers from the Aranyan side quickly receded, but most of the Caledonians did not celebrate either. Siofra's Righteous Fury had put a damper on their convictions. 

Anger resurged in Siofra's heart as she tried to stand up in protest. She had won! If anything, Sky should be hers. However, before she could say anything, she heard a flutter of wings behind her. Jie Er and Rebecca landed beside her, with Blaze comfortably asleep in Rebecca's arms. 

Jie Er placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, and Siofra glanced up at her. 

She was taken aback. 

Four grand, beautiful, and impossibly white wings projected out of Jie Er's back. Their expanse, which spread behind the four angels, almost protectively, was enough to cocoon all four of them. Siofra felt tiny under their presence. 

As Jie Er stood gazing at the audience, particularly at the Malakim, Siofra noticed that her black wig was finally gone, and her long, platinum blonde hair flowed behind her like a waterfall. However, it was neither her hair nor her archangel wings that amazed Siofra. Instead, it was her demeanor that awed her and everyone watching them. 

Jie Er had always possessed a calm and composed personality, and she had always felt amiable and amenable. No one felt small or insecure beside her, but now, everything was different. There was only one word to describe her at that moment: <em>Noble</em>. 

"I Am," Jie Er's voice boomed through the stadium, even without the help of a voice projector. The entire stadium fell silent. It was obvious that Jie Er was a fully matured archangel, but the impressive part was that she was a really young archangel. "I Am Princess Ying Jie Shangdi Of Xian!" she declared. 

The silence grew louder, before whispers began to course through the stands. Many stood up in their seats. Siofra looked at Jie Er in a daze, with her mouth hanging open. Nikolett's expression fell as she suddenly realized her misunderstanding over Jie Er's identity. 

"It is no wonder that I found her so familiar," the Cardinal Superior spoke in her seat. "She does not look the same without her royal attire." 

"This... This is true?" the Cardinal stuttered. 

"Do you need more proof?" the Cardinal Superior replied, glancing at Princess Ying Yue Shangdi and CG flying out into the arena to join Jie Er. A contingent of Xian soldiers followed behind them. 

"Yes, yes, yes!" a squeal of delight rang from Tir's stands. Elyssa, who was standing beside her mother, was skipping on her feet and pumping her fist in the air. 

"<em>Jie Er</em>," Ying Yue smiled at Jie Er, as she landed near them, along with her daughter. "How have you been?" 

"It has been a while, elder sister," Jie Er nodded and glanced at Chenguang. 

"It is a pleasure to finally talk to you, Aunt Ying Jie. I have been pining to meet you ever since I met Fenghuang at Tir, but mother forbade me from approaching you," Chenguang said, solemnly. 

"Feel free to call me 'auntie'," Jie Er said, her lips widening into a smile that did not seem to extend towards CG's mother. "We will have plenty of time to make up for the time we have missed. For now, I must attend to this matter at hand." 

"Yes, auntie," CG nodded. 

Jie Er turned to the crowd to address them again. "Blaze Er Lokra is my daughter. The name bestowed upon her by the Empress of Xian is Fenghuang Shangdi. As a granddaughter of the Empress, my daughter is also a princess. 

"As many of you may know, Xian is a sovereign nation. As such, the Heavenly Union has no claim over any property of the imperial household. Sky, the quetzal, is a possession of my child, and it <em>will</em> <em>remain</em> <em>so</em>." 

"No!" Cardinal Tudor screeched from the stands. "Princess Ying Yue Shangdi herself presided over that meeting and agreed on the terms of this duel. It is un-angelic to go back on the terms of a fair duel. You cannot do this!" 

"You are wrong. I <em>can</em> do this. <em>I</em> never agreed to this sham of a match. Moreover, my sister was unaware of Blaze's identity when she presided over that meeting. As for <em>fairness</em>, you <em>dare</em> call a duel between a twenty-year-old and a fifty-year-old fair? I only waited this long to see how far you would take this, Cardinal. <em>Do not</em> push me too far." 

Jie Er's voice was calm and steady, but that only made it even more threatening. 

"Let it be, Cardinal," Gabriel sighed to Amanah. "We cannot force this anymore. Look at Nikolett. She is conflicted. Pushing this any further will only affect her mindset. There is something more important than the Quetzal that she must obtain. Do not forget it." 

Cardinal Tudor took a deep breath to calm herself, as the Cardinal Superior stood up to address the crowd and the rest of the Heavenly Union. 

"The Malakim forgo their claim of the first angelic Quetzal," she announced, bringing a cheer from the students of Tir and the Undine. However, the Aranyans were silent as they slowly began to realize that their Blazing Fury was, in fact, a Xian.  

"I believe the Fury has displayed adequate talent to retain her right to raise the Quetzal. I hope she can carry the hopes of the peoples of the Heavenly Union. The Malakim will always strive for the good and the ultimate glory of the Union," the Cardinal Superior finished, and sat down. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 15|
--------------------------------------------
"Oh, please," Siofra rolled her eyes, as applause resounded throughout the stadium. "If not for Blaze being a princess, they would have never let Sky go." 

"Do not sell yourself short, Siofra," Jie Er patted her bushy head. "If not for your Righteous Fury, this may have turned messier." 

"Let us head to the Xian embassy, Jie Er," Ying Yue said to her sister. "It will be better for you to stay there until things settle down." 

"Okay." 

The group flew over to Tir's side, and after Jie Er spoke a few words to the angels and the Undine, they made their way to the Xian embassy, along with Elyssa and her mother. Siofra went along with them, and Asherah did not stop her. In fact, the Pixie Princess led her to the Xian Embassy. 

oOo 

Blaze woke up in a large, musty, stone-walled room with small windows. Lightning lit up the darkness outside his window and thunder boomed a moment later. 

He found himself on a bed with a very different-looking Siofra sitting beside him. 

This Siofra was eight feet tall. Her fuzzy orange hair was fuzzier than usual and was splayed all around her head like a lion's mane. Blaze was particularly thankful that she was not sporting a beard. 

"Yer a princess, Blazey," she said in a deep voice that befit her current size, as she leaned over and peered at his comparatively diminutive form. 

"I'm a <em>what</em>?" gasped Blaze. 

"A princess, o' course," Siofrid said, sitting down on the sofa that had been placed close to the bed. It creaked under her weight, and Blaze wondered how the poor thing still held on. "And a thumpin' pretty one, I'd say, once you grow out a little." 

"No! You've made a mistake. I mean, I can't be a princess. I've always dreamed of being the strong, handsome man who comes to <em>rescue</em> beautiful princesses and solve all their problems. I <em>can't</em> be a princess." 

"I am sorry. With a mum and grandmum like yours, you can't be anything else. Yer a princess, Blazey." 

"NOOO!" Blaze woke up, with a scream. 

He found himself lying in an ethnic four-poster Xianian bed. Jie Er, Rebecca, Elyssa, Siofra, and CG were gathered around him, in a large room lit by yellow paper lanterns hanging from the ceiling. There were luxurious pink shades around his bed, the windows, and even at the doorway. 

There was a cast around his neck, but it did not hurt as much as he expected it to. 

"Blaze! You are a <em>princess</em>!" Elyssa, sitting on a chair right by his bedside, squealed in delight. 

A ceramic pot with a serpentine dragon painted on its side rested on a nightstand by the bedside. Blaze picked it up, poured himself some water in a ceramic cup, and gulped it down. Then, he turned to Siofra on his left. She was back to her normal size and appearance. 

"Siofrid, slap me," he said to her. 

Siofra didn't like the sound of her new name, but Blaze's cast made her hesitate over swinging her palm at his clueless face. Instead, she gave him a sharp pinch on his hand. 

<em>Fuck! No!</em> Blaze screamed in his head. <em>At least let me be a prince!</em> 

Rubbing his stinging hand, Blaze turned to Elyssa and his aunts. "What am I a princess of, and why is Elyssa so happy about it? Oh hey, CG. Whatcha doing here?" 

"A Xian princess!" Elyssa said, unable to restrain herself. "The HU cannot willy-nilly take away the property of royalty. Moreover, Xian is a sovereign country. As you are a princess of Xian, no one in their right mind will make a claim for Sky anymore. Whether you won or lost against Nikolett never mattered. <em>This is awesome</em>. I just cannot believe you are a princess," she said, bouncing in her seat. 

Blaze raised a brow at her delight. He had never thought of her as a wannabe-princess type. 

"Elyssa, let's make an exchange. Why don't you be the princess in my stead, and I will be a prince for all the other princesses out there," he offered, gallantly. "Wait a minute," he said, as gears began to grind inside his brain. He turned to Jie Er and said, "<em>You</em> are <em>Xian</em> <em>royalty</em>? Princess Ying Yue is your sister?" 

"Yes," Jie Er smiled at him, but Blaze did not miss the hint of sadness in her smile. 

"Then you are," he pointed a finger at CG, "my <em>cousin</em>?" 

"<em>Elder sister,</em>" Chenguang corrected him happily. "Cousin sounds too distant. I always wanted a sister." 

"Did you know this when we met at Tir?" 

"Yes. I requested that visit as soon as I found out." 

"No wonder. It all makes sense now. But, why would you not spar against me?" 

"How can I fight my little sister?" 

"Little brother," Blaze corrected her. "It's another word for sibling. Please never call me sister." 

"Er... <em>okay</em>?" 

"Guys," he said after a moment. "I am sorry, but could you give me and my mother a moment?" 

They all got up to leave, but Jie Er held Rebecca's arm. Elyssa and Siofra walked out with CG and closed the door to the room behind them. 

"You said your mother was Vida Veles Lokra..." Blaze immediately questioned Jie Er. 

"She is, and so is Nezha Shangdi, the Empress of Xian. I was a Kindred-child." 

"Oh..." Blaze mused, while glancing at Rebecca's reaction. She seemed unsurprised by it all, and he didn't know how to feel about it. 

The conversations he had with Jie Er about her mother suddenly fell in place. The mother she was referring to seemed to possess contrasting personalities. Now, he understood that she had been referring to two different angels. 

"So, what's your Xian name?" 

"Ying Jie Shandgdi." 

"<em>Ying Jie Shandgi.</em> It feels familiar... Wait, did you win any YAMATs?" 

"Two." 

"Oh, wow! No wonder you are so strong. It makes perfect sense, now. Why the <em>Hela</em> did I not think of this before? And, Fulla Frejadottir?" 

"I defeated her in the final of my first YAMAT. She was the reigning champion." 

Suddenly, something else popped up in his mind. 

"Is the Empress of Xian responsible for the taint in your wings?" 

"In a way," Jie Er answered. There was no angst in her voice. Only acceptance. 

"Then why did you do this, aunty?" he began to protest. "Sky is important to me, of course, but he won't be mistreated, even if he is not with me. You didn't have to do this. You should not have done this." 

Jie Er let out a breath. "What happened before will not happen again, Blaze. Rest at ease. I have let go of what happened in the past. The reason for my hesitance at revealing who I was is very different from what you may imagine it to be. 

"The world is a complicated place, Blaze. People sometimes do horrible things for reasons they believe are good, and other times, do amazing things for horrible reasons. Though I have given up on my identity as a princess of Xian, I have long since forgiven my mother. 

"My mother tried to sacrifice my purity for the good of the world. Now, I realize that she may have been <em>more</em> hurt by it than I was. The sacrifice I am making now is very small compared to that." 

"Aunty..." 

"Hear me out. I once asked you about freedom and responsibility. You said you would not shirk your responsibility. Now, you will be a Princess of Xian, and the <em>first</em> Quetzal rider of the angels. These are heavy titles to wear, Blaze, but you can still let them go and free yourself of the burden. What will you do?" 

"What do <em>you</em> want to do, aunty? What is it that your heart wants to do?" 

"When I picked you up that day, <em>you</em> became the biggest responsibility in my life. I will do whatever makes you happy." 

"I am not your child." 

"In my heart, you always <em>will</em> be." 

Blaze placed his palms against his face and rubbed it, while taking a deep breath. <em>That</em> was an argument he did not want to have or even think about. "What do I have to do if I become the <em>Prince</em> of Xian?" he finally asked. 

"Shall we give my mother a call?" Jie Er asked, bringing out a VP. "I borrowed it from my sister, earlier." 

"I don't know if I want to talk to her." 

"Blaze, I cannot bear the idea of you having resentment or hatred in your heart for my sake. The reason I do not speak about what happened to me is because it is something that is between me and my mother. You will have no part in it. I am cured, now. Just forget that I was ever tainted." 

Blaze sighed, unable to completely accept her words. "How should I address her?" 

A mischievous grin suddenly sprouted on Jie Er's face. "However you want. Nothing too offensive, as she can be a little prudish." 

"Okay," he agreed, impishly. 

The VP rang only for a moment, before it was picked up. "Hello, Yingjie, how are you doing? And, how is my younger grandchild?" an old, but domineering, voice surged from the VP. Her voice was a little grainy but otherwise clear. 

"Blaze is fine. He is awake and wants to speak with you, but before that, I need you to know this: I am not sure if I am ready to return as a Princess of Xian, yet, mother. You may have heard that the taint of my wings has been cured. So, I wish to focus on training and attaining the Deity level as soon as I can. We shall think about the rest after that." 

"I have complete faith in your abilities, daughter." 

"You should have had faith in them before." 

"You are strong Jie Er, but the Deva level may still be out of your reach." 

"I will not know unless I try." 

The Empress let out a sigh. "So, grandchild. I have heard much about you from Chengguan." 

"Yo, grams. You sound like a really old coot. What would you like me to call ya? Granny, grams, or old coot?" he asked. 

He heard a light chuckle from the VP, contrary to his hope that his disrespect would annoy her. "Chengguan mentioned your <em>playfulness</em>, child. You are free to call me 'granny', but I can not have my subjects hear you call me an old coot. That is an <em>affront</em> to our nation, and even if <em>I</em> tolerate it, my subjects will not. Besides, I am pretty sure that I have another couple hundred years left in these old <em>nirn</em> of mine... What is it that you wish to ask of me?" 

"What will be expected of me as a <em>prince</em> of Xian? Can I keep Sky even if I don't wish to be royalty?" he asked, deciding to get to point. He was going to leave the <em>"annoying the heck out of his granny"</em> part for when he met her in person. 

"As the Empress of Xian, it is my duty to treat all my subjects equally, and with fairness. I cannot show favoritism, even if you are of my descent. However, <em>I</em> and the rest of the HU may owe Jie Er a favor. Hence, I think, just for this once, we can use your hatch-right as a tool to let you keep your quetzal, <em>even</em> if you decide to forgo your role as the Princess of Xian." 

"Prince." 

"As a Prince of Xian, you will have the power and resources of an entire nation at your hand. Only I, the council, your aunt, and your mother will carry more weight than you in Xian. However, with power comes equal responsibility. 

"Every action you take must be made with the welfare of the angels of Xian and the rest of HU in mind. You are still a child, and angels are understanding, but you <em>will not</em> use that as an excuse. I may be your grandmother, but I will not show you any leniency. 

"Think over it. There is no hurry. But, I will tell you this: We do not live in a time where the best of us can afford to give up their power for a life of carefree simplicity. Comfortable inaction is the greatest sin of the ones possessing power." 

"I understand," Blaze replied, pensively. At Sekat, he had witnessed that the life of the Princess of Aranya was not as rosy as he had envisioned it to be. Her peacock dance had displayed a desire for freedom from something. The Empress' words shed some light on what she may have been craving. 

"Good. I will leave the pleasantries until we meet in person. Enjoy the rest of your time at D'Warka." 

The connection cut off before Blaze could say anything else. 

"I learnt a <em>lot</em> from that," he said sarcastically. 

"She is like that." 

<em>So are you, sometimes.</em> 

"Anyway, I just wanted you to understand what sort of grandmother you are dealing with. You will have time to learn more about your responsibilities. For now, rest and enjoy your time in D'Warka." 

"Will we be visiting Xian? Do I get my own castle?" 

Jie Er laughed. "We shall talk about it, later. I <em>did</em> get a castle for winning my second YAMAT. It is yours if you decide to become a prince." 

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door, and Elyssa's head popped in. "Blaze, the reporter from the Aranyan Weekly wants to speak with you." 

"Clio?" 

"Yeah." 

"Send her in. You guys can come in too." 

Blaze let out a breath and composed himself as the reporter, Elyssa, CG, and Siofra walked in. Jie Er and Rebecca sat quietly by his bedside. 

"How does it feel to be royalty, Ms. Blaze?" Clio asked, teasingly, as she took a seat by the sofa and pulled out her notebook. 

"Don't know yet," he shrugged. "I am pretty stoked about owning a castle, but otherwise, it doesn't feel any different. Clio, can you write something for me in the next paper?" 

"Oh? What is it?" 

"I want to address the people of Aranya," he said. 

Though he had only lived in Aranya for a little more than a year, he had hatched there, and had spent his entire current life there. He felt a sense of belonging to the country and to its people. 

"Go on," Clio said, placing her pen to paper. 

"I may be a Prince of Xian by lineage, but I need the angels of Aranya to know that I consider them my people. I am as much an Aranyan as I am a Xian, if not more. I hope the Aranyans will treat and see me the same as before. Their welfare will always be on my mind." 

Clio narrowed her eyes at him and studied his face. "Okay," she sighed, finding his expression to be genuine. Then, she went into a spiel of other questions, both for him and Jie Er. 

Jie Er was more accommodating to her questions than usual, but after a while, she ushered the inquisitive reporter out on the pretext that Blaze needed to rest. 

oOo 

By the next morning, the news of the previous day's events rapidly spread throughout the Heavenly Union. Blaze received a complimentary copy of that morning's Aranyan Weekly. 

<em>The Sizzling Sisters of the Heavenly Union, and a new princess of the Xian</em> 

<em>We have all heard of the Blazing Fury displaying the Righteous Fury for a pixie, Siofra Eoiwagn, daughter of the pixie ambassador to Aranya. Many are already aware that the Blazing Fury and Siofra Eoiwagn are now close friends. In fact, their bond is so strong that despite a marvelous display of skill in the USMAT, Siofra forfeited her duel against Blaze, knowing what was at stake for her friend.</em> 

<em>... the Blazing Fury's overwhelming display of strength and technique were not able to overcome Nikolett Lovag's defenses. Instead, she was taken down by a well-timed energy blast from the indomitable Nikolett, which hit her in the head and knocked her out. (turn to page 4 for a detailed review of the duel)</em> 

<em>Nikolett's victory was rejoiced by many in the stadium, and the Malakim were ready to announce Nikolett as the First Angelic Quetzal Knight (FAQK). However, in an astounding turn of events, Siofra stood up for her friend as soul-stirring orange flames of Righteous Fury surrounded her diminutive form.</em> 

<em>Words fail to describe the experience of witnessing a Righteous Fury. Not once did I feel threatened, but the small pixie felt very large. I simply wanted to kneel and obey her command. Not because I felt compelled to, but because I felt that it would be the right thing to do.</em> 

<em>Thus, it is easy to understand why Nikolett agreed to duel the pixie when she asked for it. How could she disagree, when the World Energy itself ordained it?</em> 

<em>What followed next was the most thrilling, yet grueling, fifteen-minute tournament match that even the oldest angels alive have ever witnessed (more on page 5). Ultimately, the duel was decided based on points, and Siofra surprised everyone by eking out a one-point win. It cannot be understated that Nikolett Lovag had been consumed by her earlier battle against Blaze, but the fact that Siofra is more than twenty years younger than Nikolett makes up for it.</em> 

<em>Siofra's win put doubts in the hearts of even the most devout followers of the Malakim. However, Cardinal Amanah Tudor ...</em> 

<em>Blaze Er Lokra is in fact the daughter of Princess Yingjie Shangdi of Xian, who has been living under the alias 'Jie Er Lokra'...</em> 

<em>Blaze's status might have been the only reason why she may have been able to retain the ownership of the quetzal. However, Siofra's actions, and her Righteous Fury, have moved hearts, and convinced most angels of the answer to the question of where the quetzal belongs.</em> 

<em>I think it is apropos to call these two loyal friends the Sizzling Sisters of the Heavenly Union. Having displayed the Righteous Fury for one another, can anything else come in the way of their friendship and trust for one another? Though their future cannot be predicted, these two are surely the strongest angels of the current generation. Thus, how can there be anyone else worthy of being the first Quetzal Riders besides the Blazing Fury and her pixie?</em> 

~ Clio Elen Musa 

"Goddess dammit!" Blaze cursed as he finished reading the paper. "At least call us the Sizzling Siblings!" 

<em>Blaze Er Lokra's sincere address to the Aranyans</em> 

<em>The Blazing Fury says that she is as much an Aranyan as she is Xian...</em> 

*** 

Siofra and the minion army, which now included five merangels, visited Blaze that morning, before they headed out to support Elyssa at her quarterfinal match. 

Blaze, however, was confined to his bed, on doctor's orders. He had taken a mighty blow to the head, and was recommended a couple of days of bed rest as a precaution. Jie Er, obviously, <em>had</em> to take the recommendation. 

He begrudgingly agreed to her wishes, though he coerced her and Rebecca to go watch the match in his stead. 

As he lay in bed, half-reading a book on angel political ideology and half-musing over the events of the previous day, the door to his room opened, and the Xian angel who had been assigned to keep an eye on him stepped in. She wore a traditional Xianian dress with pink cherry blossoms embroidered over it. 

"Princess, you have a visitor. She gave us the name 'Brija Dhara', and claims to be an acquaintance of yours. Do you wish to meet her?" 

"Brija?" Blaze wondered in surprise. Though he had heard that she had been doing very well in the tournament, Blaze had not come across her since the party at the Burghess house. He wondered why she would want to visit him instead of going to watch Elyssa's match. Brija was in the quarterfinals as well, and it was possible that she would face Elyssa in the final. 

"Princess?" 

"Sure, let her in. Just call me Blaze or Fenghuang, please." 

"I <em>cannot</em>." 

"Call me 'prince', then. I insist," Blaze rolled his eyes. When CG had visited Tir, he had found out that the Xian were real sticklers for etiquette. 

"As you wish, mistress," she said, and drifted out. 

Blaze smacked his forehead with a groan, tempted to lapse into a tirade about the right way to address him, only held back by the realization that nothing could have been more princess-like. 

A few minutes later, the angel showed Brija in. 

"Greetings... Princess Blaze," Brija said, with an awkward little smile. 

Brija was a tall Aranyan angel with short scruffy white hair and piercing green eyes. She was almost as tall as Rebecca, but at 94 years of age, she had almost reached the peak of her height. She was wearing a short white dress with a black leather belt, tightly wrapped around her strong, sinuous body, highlighting her curves. It looked very tempting against her caramel-colored skin, and Blaze felt something stir under his covers, as he reminisced about his time with her at Elyssa's chateaux at Cali. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 16|
--------------------------------------------
"Hey, Brija!" he said. "What brings you here? And, you can just call me Blaze." 

Brija threw a hesitant glance at the other angel. 

"You can leave. Brija is a friend," he said to the Xian. "Also, can you give us some privacy? Er... knock before you come in," he added, hoping that there would be some action. 

"Yes, prince." 

"Have a seat," he said to Brija, as he tried to get out of his covers. 

"No, please rest," Brija said, rushing to a chair, and pulling it over to his bedside. 

Blaze settled back into the covers with a sigh. <em>Would it be easier to get her into bed if he was already in it?</em> 

"How have you been?" he asked. 

"Well. You?" she asked, overlapping her long, tan thighs over one another. He caught a glimpse of something lacy and black. 

"Good, I guess..." 

Brija had never been an angel of many words, but currently, she seemed a little awkward, and it made Blaze feel the same. 

"I did not know you were a princess when I met you at Cali..." 

"Neither did I." 

"..." 

"Why don't you tell me the reason for the visit," Blaze said, after another brief, awkward pause. "You don't have to feel reserved just because you've found out that I am a prince, now." 

Brija let out a heavy breath. "My dream is to become a general and fight for Aranya and the Heavenly Union," she said. 

"An admirable goal." 

"I wish to join the armed forces at some point, but I cannot enlist until I am a hundred. That is another six years away." 

"There is no rush, is there?" 

"No, but after this tournament, I will have a lot of free time until my final year at the academy. I always wished to visit other countries, including Xian. I am also in need of some money. So, I was wondering if you, in your capacity as a princess, would hire me as your personal guard? I am still only an angel, but I can hold my own against weaker archangels. I do not expect any more pay than a regular soldier. Less is fine, too. I will trust in your judgement," she said, the words rolling out of her mouth in a hurry. 

Blaze was a little taken aback. <em>Why would an angel with such potential as Brija want to serve as a mere guard? Was it simply to build a rapport with a princess?</em> Musing, he reached for a jar of water by his bedside. 

Brija reached for it before he did, and filled the ceramic cup, before serving it to him. He took it wordlessly and drank, before he spoke. 

"Are you spying for Aranya?" 

"No!" Brija said, a little <em>too</em> loudly. Blaze did not miss her eyes widening for a tiny moment. 

He reached for his copy of the Aranyan Weekly, but once again, Brija went for it first, only to present it to him. 

"Stop it. I don't need a servant." 

"Sorry," Brija said, glancing down. 

Suddenly, Blaze understood why she was being so meek. It was guilt combined with a sense of duty. It was also possible that she was a little affected by her <em>connection</em> to him. "Bottom right of the first page," he pointed at the paper. 

<em>If someone was able to get to Brija, it must be someone with a lot of power</em>, he wondered, as she read. 

"Oh..." she said dumbly, after finishing the article. 

"Who made you do this?" 

"I cannot say." 

"Look, Brija. Unless you are being coerced by someone, you might as well say it. I just want to pass on a direct message to whoever it is you are working for. As I said, I am also a citizen of Aranya. Is it Princess Kaur?" 

Brija struggled with it for a moment. "Princess Ila," she finally said. 

Blaze was surprised. Princess Ila was a forty-something-year-old daughter of Princess Kaur, the oldest daughter of the Queen of Aranya. He had met the young angel at her party in Sekat. She had not come across as the scheming type. 

"She is quite intelligent, despite her dislike for politics. She does not even want to be a princess, but she realizes that she has an obligation. But, that is why I chose to serve her. She is kind and forthright," Brija defended, noticing the look on Blaze's face. 

"But, why does she even <em>want</em> to spy on me?" 

"She wanted me to keep an eye on you for a few years, to know where your allegiance truly lies; to see if you would still be amenable to Aranya and its interests." 

Wheels began to turn inside Blaze's brain. He never wanted anything to do with politics or royalty, but if he decided on being a prince, he needed to fully embrace all of it. He couldn't pick and choose his responsibilities. 

"Do you have a VP that connects to Ila?" 

"I do not have it on me, in case something untoward happened." 

"That's smart. Okay, tell her this. I am currently unsure if I even want to be a Prince of Xian. However, if I do decide on it, I don't see why the two of us can't work together. I don't have the most amicable of relationships with the Malakim, and I am guessing that the princess doesn't really care for them either. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense for her to seek out my allegiance. Anyway, if things work out, <em>you</em> can be the liaison between us. I would also like to talk to her face-to-face at some point. But, all of this is in the scenario that I <em>do</em> choose the duty of being a prince. If not, I will remain a citizen of Aranya, and a prince only in name." 

Brija looked upon him strangely as she tried to memorize his words. "I thought you were just a child... It seems like you have grown quite a bit since we met at Cali, or maybe you have always been hiding behind a faÃ§ade, just like princess Ila." 

"A bit of both, I guess." 

"I guess, I will not be visiting Xian with you, then," Brija said, finally giving him a genuine smile. 

"I don't see why not," Blaze smiled back. "If I become a prince, I would love to have you as my <em>personal</em> guard. However, you'd also have to swear your allegiance to me." 

"I would <em>never</em> betray Aranya." 

"I wouldn't ask you to do that, but in all other regards, as long as you work for me, you will have to serve my interests. That includes keeping <em>my</em> secrets, just as you will keep Princess Ila's. Think over it and discuss it with Ila." 

"O-okay." 

"By the way, does Ila know about my... unnaturality?" 

"She does not. I did not see how it would be relevant to the good of Aranya. Also, it was your secret, given to me in confidence." 

Blaze let out a breath of relief. He wouldn't have held it against Brija if she had revealed it to Ila. She had no obligation to keep his secret. "That's the sort of thing I'd ask of you, if you work for me," he said. 

"Good. I will relay your words to the princess," she said, but gave no indication of leaving or being done. 

"Anything else?" 

Suddenly, Brija's cheeks turned a shade darker and she began to fiddle with her fingers. 

Astrid's hypothesis about how his <em>thing</em> worked on other angels came to Blaze's mind. 

"You seem a bit cold," he said, his impishness returning to his face. "Why don't you join me under the covers for a bit. 

"I am not cold..." 

"Oh, that's too bad. I was hoping I could warm you up a little, like I did at Cali." 

Brija finally took his hint. "Oh... Will your folks not be returning soon? It doesn't seem proper to be seen." 

Blaze checked the clock on the wall. If Elyssa's opponent was half as good as she was supposed to be, they had at least another twenty minutes. 

"I can work very fast," he grinned. "But, just to be safe, place that stool against the door's handle." 

Brija followed his instruction and returned to his bed. Trying not to catch his glance, she reached for her dress to disrobe, but Blaze caught her hand and pulled her onto his bed, swiftly dragging her under the covers. 

Then he simply lay beside her, resting his head beside hers. "Are you warm now?" 

"I guess? What now?" 

"Now, we take a fifteen-minute nap," he said, looking at her face with utmost seriousness. 

"Er..." she murmured, not knowing what to say. 

"I am just kidding," Blaze laughed. 

"Kidding?" she asked. 

"It means 'joking'." 

"You use a lot of strange words. Do you make them up?" 

"Sometimes," he replied, reaching for the lock of white hair that had fallen over her cheek. He felt its flax-like texture for a moment, before brushing it past her ear. "Brija," he asked, looking into her guileless green eyes, "what do you feel when you think of me?" 

She was surprised by the question, but her eyes quickly narrowed in thought. "I do not know why, but ever since that day, I have felt a sense of closeness and trust for you." 

"Is that strange?" 

"A little. I can understand the sense of trust, as you are a young Righteous Fury, but I don't understand this closeness. It is almost like you have been dear to me for a long time." 

Blaze sighed. Now, he was sure that Astrid's pet theory had some validity. However, he did not wish to use his ability to manipulate angels, at least not anyone as straightforward as Brija. <em>Well, I just have to live up to that trust.</em> 

He leaned forward and kissed her. 

Unlike her first time, Brija was quick to reciprocate. Her mocha-colored lips were soft, full, and velvety, and Blaze breathed in a deliciously sweet aroma that reminded him of mangoes. Mangoes were a difficult fruit to unravel, but once one learned how to handle them, they were exquisitely sweet and beautifully exotic- just like Brija. 

Suddenly, a sharp spike of pain shot through a muscle in Blaze's neck. Wincing in pain, he clutched his cast and turned over on his back. Brija quickly pulled up a pillow and sneaked it under his neck. 

"You should rest," she told him gently, but the reluctance on his face was obvious. "Let me try to do this on my own," she said, dragging the covers away and straddling him. 

The hem of her white dress drifted up her well-toned thighs, and Blaze couldn't keep his hands away from them. She leaned forward, and holding his head between her hands, she began a deep, lustful kiss. Her long fingers coursed through his red curls, kneading his head. 

Blaze hands moved up her thighs, trying to reach her butt, but Brija was seven-feet tall, and his reach wasn't enough. So, he wrapped his arms around her supple waist and began to pull her dress. The hems of the dress dragged over her tight behind, revealing it to the room, but not to his eyes. He began to caress the small of her back, running his fingers along the deep hollow of her spine. 

Through the course of the kiss, their bodies began to grow warmer, and their breaths heavier. Finally, Brija decided that she wanted more. She could feel his stiffness through his shorts. 

She broke the kiss and rose. Grabbing the hem of her dress, she pulled it off and chucked it aside, revealing her relatively small but beautiful breasts, with large honey-colored areolae and pink nipples. She was wearing black lace panties, which teased Blaze with what lay beneath. 

Then, she shuffled back over his thighs and pulled his shorts down, bringing the LCpl back into active duty. He was quite excited to be back and itching to explore another trench. 

Brija raised his legs to pull his shorts off, before once again climbing on his thighs. 

"Er... your panties," Blaze reminded her, seeing Brija distracted by his member. 

"Oh, right," she said, leaning back and pulling down her panties. Blaze helped her to get rid of them in a hurry. 

She spread her legs, revealing her puffy, brown lips, and the pink between them. Shuffling towards him, she took his member into her hand and pressed it against her vagina, feeling his firm length against her slit. 

"Use your saliva to wet it," Blaze said. 

Brija spat on her hand and rubbed it over his length, while still keeping him pressed against her. She felt his heat and couldn't part with it. Her pre-release mixed with her saliva to form a shiny slick coating over his prick. 

She glanced at him for confirmation, before raising her hips and lining his member with her crevice. Biting her lower lip, she brushed him across her slit, feeling a little nervous. 

"It has to go in, eventually," Blaze commented, sagely. 

Brija took a deep breath, and while looking at him with her piercing green eyes, she gingerly lowered herself onto him. Her lower lips parted for his girth and her upper lips oohed. And, just after she swallowed his head, she pulled it out, to try it once more. She liked the feeling of his head spreading her lips. 

"You know, I don't mind doing this all day, but we've only got about ten more minutes," he said. 

Brija glanced at the clock and looked a little disappointed. 

"You know what? I shall include this as one of the perks of working for this peerless prince," he offered, as if he was offering her the best deal of her life. 

Unlike most Aranyans, the ingenuous Brija wasn't very clever at making deals. So, she thanked him for his generosity, and descended on his prick. 

Their groins kissed, and she placed her hands on his knees to slowly grind back and forth. "Mmh," she groaned as his groin tickled her nub, sending a shiver across her body. 

Blaze pulled more pillows under his head, before reaching for her breasts. Brija's body was exceptionally toned, but her breasts were very soft. He began to gently massage them, feeling her areolae, and occasionally giving her nipples a soft pinch. 

Every pinch made Brija shiver, as she alternated between rocking and grinding, her body undulating and arching like a bow. Instinctively, Blaze tried to sit up and reach for her beautiful unblemished mounds, but she leaned over him and pushed him down with her hands on his chest. 

"You rest, princess," she breathed, hoarsely. 

"Prince," Blaze corrected her, giving her a wry grin. He was in no mood to rest, but he didn't mind her taking the lead. 

Brija used her hands as leverage to slowly raise her butt and then go down on him. A strange vocalization, which sounded something between a laugh and a moan, escaped her lips, as his dick seemed to tickle some magical spot inside her vagina. 

She raised her butt again and went down on him. A similar moan crept out again, this time a little higher pitched. Brija's sparkling, green eyes lit up on the discovery of this new and wonderful sensation. 

<em>Did she find her magical G-spot?</em> Blaze wondered. He put his hands behind his head and watched her changing expressions. Simply hearing her voice and watching her blissful face gave him all the arousal he needed. There was something deeply arousing about watching a woman at the height of her pleasure. Brija's constricting walls, which squeezed his dick every time it flicked over the little ridged area inside her vagina, were only an added bonus. 

Soon, she began to pick up speed, her butt loudly smacking against his thighs, while their groins thwacked in the wetness between them. Blaze began to feel the urge to blow, but he controlled himself. It wasn't that hard, as that was all he needed to focus on in that moment. 

Brija's voice kept getting louder and higher, until she was forced to cover her mouth with her hands, the fear of alerting an attendant or a guard pushing her to stifle the noise she was making. Yet, she still bounced on his dick, using merely the strength of her thigh muscles. 

Finally, her body was triggered into an orgasm. She fell on Blaze and clutched his head to her bosom, as pleasure coursed through her body in slow, all-encompassing waves. She shuddered and laughed and came, all at the same time. 

Blaze let himself go and burst inside her, shooting streams of pent-up liquid energy to mix with Brija's release. 

Once their orgasms subsided, Brija took his face between her hands. High on raw and intense emotion, she began planting kisses over his face as she spoke. "Princess," she kissed, "this is all I need. But, I would appreciate a little money too. I am quite poor." 

"Prince." Blaze corrected her absentmindedly, before simply laughing and letting her adore him. 

A knock at the door finally brought them out of their little world. 

"Just a moment," Blaze shouted, as Brija scrambled off his body. 

He quickly pulled his shorts back on, while Brija hastily threw the white dress over herself. Then, she hurried to the door to open it, and Blaze drew the covers back over himself. 

Jie Er and Rebecca walked inside with curious expressions on their faces. 

"How was the match?" Blaze asked them, quickly. 

"It was a fluctuating game, but Elyssa eventually won. She may have lost by points alone, but she managed to break through her opponent's reinforcement, just a minute before the fifteen-minute mark," Jie Er answered. 

"What were <em>you</em> doing?" Rebecca asked. The ruffled appearance of the two younger angels wasn't lost on her. Plus, there was <em>that</em> scent in the air. 

"Just having a deep conversation about Azra-El politics. Didn't want anyone to drop in on us. Right, Brija?" 

"Y-yes!" 

"<em>Ivka,</em> you should clean yourself up before you leave. Trust me, you don't want to walk or fly around like that," Rebecca said, pointing at Brija's awkward stance. 

That day, Blaze learned that brown-skinned angels could blush just as deeply as light-skinned angels. 

oOo 

Over the next couple of days, Blaze became very familiar with his room at the Xian embassy, while the rest of the matches of the tournament proceeded without a hitch. 

The Xian quickly built a coop for Sky, and he was brought over to the Xian embassy the very next day. Claudis and Tonya visited Blaze along with Sky. Finally free, Sky spent most of the day lying at the foot of Blaze's bed, and eating all the delicacies that the Xian brought for him. And, when night fell, he refused to leave Blaze, digging his claws into the bed as Claudis and Tonya tried their best to take him to his coop. 

Nikolett Lovag dropped out of the tournament and vanished, with only the Malakim knowing about her whereabouts. It would've been a lie if Blaze claimed that he did not think about her when he was alone, but he was rarely left alone. There was always someone around, including CG and her mother, both of whom seemed entirely convinced that they were his aunt and cousin by <em>energy</em>. Since Jie Er didn't want to correct them, Blaze didn't bother correcting them, either. Moreover, he had always felt a strange kinship with CG. 

Eitani Aziza, the angel from Alkebulan who had bested Siofra in the group stage, won the USMAT final. 

On the same day as the USMAT final, the YAMAT candidates had their semifinals. Elyssa won her match against the fourth seed, and Brija managed to pull off an upset against the second seed, an angel of the Caledonian Empire. 

Thus, arrived the much-anticipated finale of the tournament. Though there had been much drama around Blaze's match, from a purely martial perspective, the angels had more interest in the YAMAT. 

As angels started pouring into the stadium, Blaze, Siofra, and Anastasia Marigold stood by Elyssa, while the students of Tir and the merangels, who had been quick to jump the bandwagon from Blaze to Elyssa, made a ruckus behind them. 

"This is only the first of many, Elyssa. Do not worry about the result. Enjoy yourself and fight to your heart's content. Even <em>I</em> have never won a tournament," Anastasia told her daughter. 

Elyssa simply smiled and nodded at her mother, but Blaze knew she <em>had</em> to win. 

"Ely," he said, taking her hands into his. "I may have lost the USMAT, but I still plan on winning all of my YAMAT tourneys. Perfect record, remember? I don't want to be the only one to have <em>four</em> YAMAT titles." 

"Am I a joke to you?" Siofra wryly commented from the side. Siofra's confidence had been growing ever since she befriended Blaze, but her victory over Nikolett did wonders to it. She no longer viewed herself as inferior to Blaze or Elyssa. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 17|
--------------------------------------------
Elyssa smiled at them, but Blaze felt the tension in her hands. He stepped in and wrapped his arms around her. 

"But, it's fine if you happen to lose. I will willingly throw my first YAMAT to Siofra. Three YAMAT titles is as good as four," he whispered into her ear. 

Elyssa's body relaxed under his hug, and she held him for a few moments, while her heartbeat steadied against his chest. 

"Alright!" she said, pushing away and bringing out her spear. "Who is the best?" she asked him. 

"You are!" 

She turned around and Blaze sent her off with a friendly slap on the back. "Big win, Ely! Big Win! You're da best!" he and Siofra shouted at her back. 

Support for Elyssa and Brija at the tournament was mostly split. Elyssa had always been the favorite of the Aranyans, but Brija, as the underdog, gained support from some of the Caledonians. 

The duelers met each other in the sky, and a reinvigorated Blazing Band began to play music. A bit drunk on apple cider, Blaze began to sing as his friends went wild on the instruments. 

~<em>Ellie, you'll be okay! You'll be okay! You'll be okay Ellie!</em> 

<em>She's been struck by, she's been hit by, a smooth criminal!</em> 

Sky had been left at the Xian Embassy because Blaze wasn't sure if he was ready to be in front of so many people, but Splash rode on Blaze's shoulder, and chirped into the mike along with him. 

The duel started off seemingly in Elyssa's favor. In a serious fight, Elyssa was the type of duelist who went hard from the start, and loved to build up momentum, to slowly overwhelm her opponent. 

However, Brija was no pushover, and had three tournaments-worth of experience. She was defensive and prudent at the start, allowing Elyssa to tire herself out. When Elyssa's initial burst waned, she counterattacked. 

Despite his new drunken-singing career, Blaze paid attention to the match, and was awestruck. He had never seen anyone fight at that level. It wasn't just that Brija and Elyssa were faster and stronger than Blaze's peers in the USMAT, there was a qualitative difference in the way they fought. The fact that the two angels were of similar strengths made it all the more interesting. 

And then, there were the special moves. His opponents in the USMAT had used special moves, but they could only use one or two, and only a few times in a match. However, every chain of attacks in Brija's and Elyssa's duel ended with a special ability of some sort. The two angels had at least five or six moves in their arsenal, and the way they used them was not only creative, but impeccably timed; especially Brija's. 

Both angels used spears, but they used them very differently. Brija utilized her longer reach to ward off Elyssa's incessant attacks, and waited for opportune moments to send in sharp, powerful thrusts. Elyssa combined her high-level movement technique with her indomitable energy, to rapidly move around the older angel, constantly probing for a weakness. It made Blaze wonder if the fight between Lynn and Siofra had been similar. 

Fifteen minutes quickly elapsed without any indication of a clear winner. The two opponents looked tired, but neither of them were done. They could easily go on for another fifteen minutes, but the umpire called an end to the match. 

"Brija Dhara, 20 points," she announced, but it didn't mean a thing. 

"Elyssa Marigold, 22 points. Victor: Elyssa Marigold!" 

Blaze chucked the VP aside and rushed into the arena to give Elyssa a mighty hug, as tremendous applause went around the stadium. There were very few who were dissatisfied with the quality of the match. 

*** 

That evening, the HU and the Caledonians arranged an awards ceremony for the tournaments. There was also a party afterwards, but both events were too boring to be written about, as the Caledonians had to do everything in a prim and proper manner. That day, Blaze was introduced to the true snobbiness of the Caledonian nobles. 

So, the next day, he arranged for a real party to celebrate Elyssa's victory. In reality, it was Azalea's idea, and Aahna had done all the arranging part, but he still had the audacity to call it his party. 

All the partygoers were supposed to meet at a private water park in the East Cloud District. The owner of the water park owed Azalea's mother a favor, so they essentially had the entire water park for the day. 

Every angel, Undine, pixie, or any other race was welcome to their party, and there was no dress code or etiquette. The only etiquette was to have fun. The other rule was that no one <em>had</em> to talk to anyone, unless they really wanted to. 

The party started out early in the afternoon and went on with no end in sight. Jie Er and Rebecca stayed a couple of hours before sneaking away together. Anastasia Marigold and a few other older angels made short appearances, but they quickly left, to leave the revelries to the young. 

Blaze and Elyssa celebrated like it was the last party they would go to. They had both been under tremendous pressure, Blaze because of Sky and Elyssa because of the expectations, and the sudden release from it made them let go. 

They rode the rides and slides, crashed into the water pads, chucked their friends through water sprays, and bombed the Undine into the depths. They had good food and played every single game that the merry merangels could come up with. 

Finally, as the sun began to set, they joined Siofra in an artificial hot spring swimming pool. They leaned against the stone walls of the pool, and watched Sky paddle after a perpetually energetic otter, who dived in and out of the water. Splash had been having a blast at D'Warka. There was water everywhere and plenty of fish to hunt. 

"Blazey," Siofra said, tiredly. She had spent most of her time with Ragna and Tonya, and recently gone down the sea-serpent ride fifteen times in a row. Thus, her stomach felt a little queasy. 

Ragna and Tonya were currently having an arm-wrestling match on a nearby boulder, and Blaze had no idea where his minion army was. The last time he had seen them, they were involved in a massive game of Ships and Captains, consisting of two opposing armies of fifty ships. 

"What?" Blaze asked Siofra, expecting her to throw up and need his help. She had once again indulged in a little too much of the mead, which Blaze had smuggled in with Ragna's help. 

Contrary to his expectations, Siofra suddenly pulled out the Tixiki needle from her ring, and offered it to him. 

Blaze shook his head. "It's <em>yours</em> now, bird brain. If displaying a <em>Righteous Fury</em> doesn't make you worthy of it, I don't know what will. You even defeated Nikolett with it. Just keep it." 

"It is useless to me now. I will not use it anymore." 

"What do you mean? Are you planning on changing your weapon?" 

"Yeah, something like that. The only point of keeping it would be to admire it." 

"Then just do that. If I ever need it, I will just borrow it from you." 

Siofra looked at the needle in her hand. Blaze could clearly see that she adored the weapon, a little too much, in his opinion, and couldn't understand why she didn't want to use it anymore. He noted to ask her more about it later. 

Finally, she let out a sigh and put it back in her space ring. 

"If you are planning on switching weapons, may I suggest a zweihander?" Blaze said, trying to hide his grin. 

"Why?" 

"Just imagine you wielding a seven-foot long heavy sword. It will be too heavy for you, and when you swing it, you will start spinning in the air like a top. <em>Pixie-nado</em> shall be the name of your new move," he said, suddenly wondering if he had come up with something cool while trying to be funny. 

"I am just a joke to you, am I not?" Siofra rolled her eyes. 

"Nope," Blaze said, suddenly pouncing on her and hugging her. "You are my sweet little sister, who I love to make fun of," he said, rubbing his cheek against her wet, curly, orange hair. 

Siofra was too tired to push him away. "Who's your little sister? The Pixie Princess tells me that your nirn do not feel the age you claim to be," she said, instead. 

Elyssa perked up in the water. Blaze was initially surprised, but he quickly recovered. "That's right! I am actually a thousand years old, or was it a million? Time becomes irrelevant when you are as old as I," he said, putting on airs. 

"As if. It would make more sense if you are like, ten, and that is me being considerate." 

"Oi!" 

"What is his real age, Elyssa?" she asked in a whisper. Ragna and Tonya were in their own world, and no one else was around to hear their conversation. 

Elyssa waded closer and whispered, "He turned one, this Bloom." 

"<em>Elyssa</em>!" Blaze griped, "Also, I turned twenty!" 

"Your time in your imaginary world does not count," Elyssa shook her head. 

<em>"Hey!"</em> 

"Is this true?" Siofra glanced between the two. 

"Yep. I met him when he was a month old... My mum fixed his age." 

Instead of surprise, Siofra turned to him with narrowed eyes. "And, you claim you are the older sister? You are not even a freaking brat! You are-" 

Suddenly, a loud clash of steel rang through the air, and Blaze caught the sight of an angel shooting down from the skies and crashing into the water with a massive splash. 

Res Kal surfaced with a huge gasp, and before she could get back into the air, she was pounced upon by multiple Undine. She struggled, but inside water, she was no match against the Undine. 

The trio in the spring stood up as cries of surprise and alarm went up through the water park. They watched in shock as the angels were grappled and confined by the Undine and around two dozen angels in black carnival masks, one by one. 

Azalea walked towards Blaze, followed by Bayou and a couple of the older merangels. "I am sorry about this, Blaze, but the two of you will be coming with us," she said, pointing at Blaze and Elyssa. 

"Az. What is going on?" Blaze asked, unable to fathom what was unfolding. 

"You need to come with us. We are taking you and Elyssa hostage. <em>No</em> <em>harm</em> will befall you, as long as you comply. This is only a demonstration of sorts. We only wish to hold you until our voices are heard." 

Blaze and Elyssa's eyes darted towards an opening in the sky, wondering if they could manifest their wings and break out. 

"You won't be able to escape," said one of the two older merangels. "The two of us are archnymphs, and there are four archangels up there. All of us have real combat experience. So, we can do this the hard way or the easy way." 

Blaze felt a hand over his shoulder. "Do not do anything stupid," Elyssa muttered, shaking her head. 

For once, Blaze did not plan on doing anything drastic. He didn't believe Azalea would hurt him. "Why?" he asked the Mami Wata. 

"Long have our kind suffered the indignity of being 'lesser folk'. Angels talk about respect, kindness, and dignity, but we don't have any of those. You've seen it yourself. 

"<em>We</em> need a chance to be heard. The angels of the HU watch, but they don't <em>see</em>. Taking the Blazing Fury and the champion of the tournament will force them to finally pay attention," Azalea spoke, as the two older mers pulled out a couple of black, leathery corsets, and approached Blaze and Elyssa. It was easy to see that they were meant to confine the materialization of their wings. The stronger angels like Res Kal were already confined. 

"But there are better ways to get <em>attention</em>," Elyssa said. "<em>This</em> can be construed as a violent revolt." 

"That's the thing, Ms. Marigold. Many of us have tried the '<em>better ways'</em>, and all of them failed so badly that you are not even aware of them. We don't even know what has happened to those that tried. 

"You see all these merangels around you? They were not even aware of this plan until this morning, yet they offered their help at the mere mention of it. That is how unhappy we are. This is the only option we can see," Azalea explained, as the older merangels fastened the corsets around Blaze and Elyssa. 

"However, this is not a violent revolt," Azalea continued. "The Undine will only defend until we can get you to a place where the angels can't reach. Then, we are going to attempt a dialogue with the HU." 

"How do you expect this to work, Azalea? The Caledonians won't let you take us so easily in their territory. And, it's not like you are doing this quietly. There will be casualties, Az," Blaze told her earnestly. "Please, stop this. I will try to find a way to help you and your people." 

"If there are any casualties, they will only be from our side, Blaze. We've been planning this for months." 

Blaze did not know how he could convince Azalea. He looked around and realized that he and Elyssa could only go along with the merangels, for now. The party was filled with his friends and younger angels, and he didn't wish for any of them to get hurt. He didn't even want the merangels to get hurt. He glanced at Elyssa, and they came to an unspoken consensus. "We will go with you," they said to Azalea. 

"Good. Bayou, carry Ms. Marigold? I will take Blaze. Diploria, Orbicella, you two will have to carve a path for us in the water," Azalea ordered the older merangels. "Please provide us with timely scouting," she said, to the two masked angels who hovered down from above. 

Diploria, the curly, green-haired archnymph, pulled out a couple of breathing masks and handed them to Blaze and Elyssa. 

"I trust you two will behave yourselves," she said, "We'd rather not use force." 

Blaze and Elyssa nodded compliantly. As the merangels seemed sincere in not wanting to hurt them, they did not wish to escalate things, unless they found an easy way to escape. 

The mers jumped into the water, and Blaze and Elyssa climbed onto Azalea's and Bayou's backs. Sky made a ruckus to try and get to Blaze, but Siofra and Tonya held him and the otter from going after him. 

"What about us?" Siofra asked. 

"Just stay here and try to get in touch with my mom and Anastasia Marigold. Make sure everyone else is alright. Don't do anything I would," Blaze said. 

The two angels took to the skies and the mers dove into the water. The sun had set, and the waters were dark beneath the surface. However, the mers had better low-light vision than the angels. 

Azalea pulled out a VP and held it in her hand, as she zipped through the waterways. The two older merangels led from the front. 

The first signs of fighting reached their ears in the form of low-pitched booms that reverberated through the water. 

"Head south-west," the VP in Azalea's hand spoke, in a voice whose pitch was lowered by the water. "A troop of soldiers is heading your way from the east." 

Azalea took a sharp turn into the very next left channel, and the other mers followed. 

Blaze watched the Undine in the waterways make way for Azalea's group. <em>Were all of the Undine involved? How was no one aware of this?</em> 

Suddenly, thin beams of light shot through the water around them, quickly dissipating and overheating the water into a fizzle of bubbles. 

Azalea dove deeper, and Blaze looked over his back to see the other mers dodging the heated zones that formed wherever the energy shots hit. They couldn't hear anything that was happening above water, but the sound of everything that happened underneath was magnified. 

<em>Boom!</em> 

Blaze heard a muted explosion towards his right and a building began to crumble. Rubble tumbled into the water and Azalea swam wide of the collapsing building. 

<em>Thwump</em> 

A large black cannonball crashed into the water in front of them. Blaze expected it to explode but it didn't. However, it sent turbulent waves of sound and water towards the fleeing mers, slowing them a little. 

Blaze was almost thrown off Azalea, but she held his hands and leapt, sailing over the area of impact like a dolphin, and landing on the other side. Now, the waves pushed them forward. 

She glanced back to quickly make sure that Bayou and Elyssa had kept up with her before darting forward. Excluding the archnymphs, who were swimming ahead, the rest of Azalea's group were slowed, but they didn't wait for them. 

Soon, they were out of the East Cloud District, making their way across the stadium district. 

"We've been spotted! Oh, havoc! It's Princess Yingjie. We will try to hold her off for as long as we can. Head south. I think the path to the east has been cut off. Good luck!" the VP spoke, followed by a loud clash of metal. 

<em>Auntie Jie Er! She got here fast! Swift Wing Dash?</em> 

When they reached a junction in the waterways, Azalea turned to Bayou. "Now?" 

Bayou nodded, and the two mers surfaced for a moment, before Bayou took out a flare gun and fired into the sky. A ball of bright energy reached a thousand feet before exploding into a shower of orange that lit up the evening sky. 

Undine began converging towards their location from all directions. Azalea's other friends finally caught up with them. 

"We will scout ahead," said Ariel, and the three young Undine split up in three directions, leaving them to wait for the Undine that were flooding in on their location. 

Around a hundred Undine of all ages and sizes congregated around the group. The younger ones climbed onto the backs of the older ones. 

"Keep them guessing for as long as you can!" Azalea implored the mers. 

She then removed a couple of diving masks from her space ring before handing them to Blaze and Elyssa. 

"Az," Blaze beseeched her. "Is this not enough? It is not too late to stop this. I am sure you've already made a point." 

"No," she shook her head and dived underwater along with him. "We need to show them how serious we are." Her voice inside the water had a deep resonance to it. 

The Undine split up into groups of four that vaguely resembled Azalea and Bayou carrying Blaze and Elyssa, before heading off into random directions. Though the Undine couldn't fly, no angel could keep up with them underwater. The water also provided cover. Under the dim glow of the moonlight and the lampposts, it was hard to clearly make them out. 

Azalea and Bayou headed south-west, away from the ocean, and through the commercial district, briefly passing the Opera House on their left, playing some soulful music. 

As they made their way around the western edge of the east commercial district, the VP rang once more. 

"Blaze, Elyssa, are you two alright?" 

Blaze could not mistake Jie Er's voice, even when it sounded a little different underwater. 

"Aun- Mother. We are fine! I don't believe that the Undine intend to harm us. Do not kill anyone, please!" 

There was a slight pause before Jie Er spoke. "I will try, but I cannot vouch for what Anastasia may do. She is <em>not</em> pleased. 

"Blaze, the archangel I just defeated looks to be from Xian. It makes me think that this whole thing may have been orchestrated by Baozhai Rong. Is Ms. Azalea with you?" 

"Yes," Blaze breathed through his mask. 

He felt Azalea's shoulders tense. 

"Ms. Azalea," Jie Er spoke to Az. "I can understand why you may be doing this, but I am not sure how much you can trust your foster mother. She may have her own agenda for doing this, and it is unlikely that she is supporting you merely out of the softness of her heart... I do not suppose you will tell me where you are or where you are headed, will you?" Jie Er asked softly. 

"No. I am sorry, Min Lokra," Azalea replied, before cutting the connection. 

Azalea turned east again at the northern edge of the commercial district. Groups of Undine swam all around them, almost haphazardly, confusing any angels that looked from above. 

Azalea kept notifying her friends of her position as she swam, and they kept updating her about the movement of the troops who flew around in droves, trying their best to find them. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 18|
--------------------------------------------
"I am caught," Briny's scared voice notified them through the VP, before her connection was cut. 

"Bala Boulevard has been dammed," informed Ariel. 

"Sudama street is blocked," spoke Coral. 

The group came to a halt. All their paths were blocked and tracing their way back was not an option. 

"Follow me," said Diploria. 

They swam to the surface and climbed onto the floating sidewalk. The east commercial district was a tightly packed place with barely any space between the buildings. It provided them with cover, as they climbed over the water-logged ramps that connected the streets and buildings. 

Alarms rang all over the city and all the shops on the streets were closed. Bayou pulled out a scimitar and pointed it at Blaze and Elyssa, as if warning them to put on their best behavior. 

"There is no need for that. We already said that we would go quietly," Blaze told her, gently. 

"I don't trust no noble," Bayou replied, with a deadpan face that contrasted her usually friendly expression. 

"Bayou... Blaze is a friend." 

"Stop deluding yourself, Azalea." 

Diploria walked over to an adjacent shop and knocked on the door. She only waited a couple of seconds before kicking it. 

The heavy wooden door flew off its hinges like it was a mere plank and crashed into the counters at the opposite end. The angel inside cowered to the side. 

Blaze had heard about the raw strength of the mers, but it was his first time witnessing it. Diploria's legs looked no different than an average angel, but she was definitely physically stronger than any other angel Blaze knew. 

"Where is the back entrance?" she demanded of the shopkeeper, but the angel did not respond. 

Diploria scoffed at her and led them past the counters, and through the attached home. Blaze expected the angel to run out and make a hue, but she only watched them in silence, while quietly following them. 

The mer peeked out of a curtained window and found the outside air swarming with fast-moving battalions of Griffin and Pegasi. "Ask for help," she told Azalea. 

Azalea spoke into the VP. "Stuck at Edda Store on Sudama street, building 4. We need a distraction." 

The angel of the shop stood behind them, watching only with curiosity. She didn't even seem that angry at her door being broken down. She wasn't afraid of the mers, and seemed to have no interest in helping the angel soldiers outside. 

<em>Do the normal folk dislike the nobles too?</em> Blaze wondered. <em>Would she react differently if Blaze and Elyssa announced their identities?</em> 

Loud cracking and crashing noises boomed outside from multiple directions, followed by a clamor of angel voices. Diploria shifted a curtain and Blaze witnessed the angels above fly off in the direction of the noises. 

The mer waited for an opportune moment, while Azalea and Bayou made Blaze and Elyssa climb onto their backs. 

"Now," Diploria yelled, opening the door and rushing out. The younger mers followed and leapt into the water from the quayside, manifesting their mer-tails as they crashed into the water. 

They sped south-east. 

Suddenly, a loud boom reverberated through the water. They surfaced to figure out the source of the sound and spotted a large crack spreading across a cement bridge in front of them. 

The base of the bridge gave in and boulders of concrete collapsed into the water, damming their passage through the canal. The only options the mer were left with were to either circle around the canal, or leap over the collapsed bridge. 

The air was swarming with angel soldiers, and Azalea wasn't even sure she could make the jump with Blaze over her back. 

As they contemplated their move, Blaze and Elyssa looked around to see what had caused the destruction of the bridge. 

"Mum," Elyssa whispered, looking behind them. 

The deity was easy to spot, even though she was hovering a quarter of a yonder away from their position. The grandeur of her six wings was not easy to miss. 

The first pair that came out of her clavicles were a golden blonde, like Elyssa's. The second pair, protruding from her lower back, just above her tailbone, were a pure white. However, the ones that made her a Deity, were the two smaller wings that protruded from the small of her back. They were a light, resplendent blue, that oozed a nobility that was quite fitting for Anastasia Pinaka Marigold. 

Her middle name, Pinaka, had been given to her by the people of Aranya as an epithet to her famous weapon. The Pinaka was a legendary bow, and though Anastasia's bow was not the original and was only a manifestation of her energy, it had its own legend behind it. 

The Storm of Siam was a well-known battle wherein she and General Lynn Sturm, by themselves, laid waste a city in the Yaksha forests that had been overrun by the demons. According to legend, General Sturm had only played a minor role in defending the marksman deity, while she sniped away an entire legion of demons, flitting around the dense forests around the city of Siam, and dodging energy cannons, anti-air guns, and hundreds of rifles. 

A VP in Azalea's space ring rang, bringing Blaze out of his historical musings. 

"Stop this farce, right <em>now</em>," Anastasia's voice growled from the device. It had none of the stoicness that the duchess usually presented. "It is not too late to surrender. I will even ensure that your punishments are lenient, and the causes for your little rebellion are addressed." 

Anastasia's threatening tone made Azalea hesitate for a tiny fraction of a second, as she glanced at her mer friends. However, neither of them seemed to possess any doubts. 

"Turtle shell?" she asked Diploria. 

The Undine nodded and dove underwater. A slow ripple suddenly spread from the spot where she dove in. The younger mers covered their ears, as if there was a loud sound. It took Blaze a moment of concentration to hear the deep but low rumbling hum. 

Within a few moments, some twenty older Undine arrived from all directions. 

Diploria resurfaced and swam forward, as the older Undine gathered around her. She began pulling out heavy turtle shell shields from her space ring. 

Elyssa suddenly grabbed the VP from Azalea's hand. "Mum!" she cried, "<em>Do not</em> <em>kill</em>." 

"We shall see," came an indifferent reply, before the connection clicked out. 

Azalea chucked aside the VP and brought out another one, seemingly possessing an infinite supply of them 

"Deity Marigold has engaged," Azalea said, "We are at Crescent boulevard. She is about a quarter yonder north-west of our location. Need immediate assistance." 

"Will engage. You head to the south-east meeting point. We will be waiting," said the VP. It was hard to not recognize the voice of Azalea's foster mother. 

As soon as Azalea put back the VP in her space ring, two fiery-red beams of light cut through the sky over their heads, and rammed straight into the approaching deity, stopping her in her tracks. As the resulting flash of light dimmed, they found Anastasia unharmed. However, they had managed to make her pause. 

Azalea turned around towards the collapsed bridge. Two more beams of light shot over their heads. Blaze traced their paths to the sea, one coming from the right, and the other coming from the left of their position. High in the air, two battalions of angels diverged to make their way towards the sources. 

"We jump," Azalea said to Bayou. Her friend nodded solemnly. 

"Go!" screamed Diploria. 

Blaze turned around to find Anastasia readying her bow. 

Thin beams of blue light began to converge as arrows to the Pinaka bow, while Anastasia drew back an ethereal bowstring. Deities had more control over their energy, and they didn't need to always be in contact with it to keep their constructs materialized. Blaze didn't quite understand the mechanics yet, but he was sure those energy arrows could reach them. 

"Oh, no," Elyssa cried in alarm as Az and Bayou zipped towards the bridge. 

The remaining mers readied their shields and dove underwater, while one angel remained above water to watch. 

Blaze and Elyssa found themselves shooting out of the water and sailing over the collapsed bridge, just as Anastasia released her shots. 

The mer on the surface gave a signal, and twenty mer shot up into the air, the turtle shields in front of them. 

Blue arrows of pure energy clanged onto their shields, sending the mer they hit crashing in all directions. Some fell into the water and others crashed into the buildings. They were no match for the might of a deity, but they managed to block her attack. 

The collapsed bridge was fifteen feet high and twenty-five feet wide. Azalea made the jump and crashed into the water on the other side, her tail clashing against the rubble in multiple crystalline clinks. 

When they resurfaced, they found a rattled Bayou and Elyssa by their side. Bayou's left arm was bleeding and staining the nearby water with trails of purple. 

"What happened?" Azalea asked. 

"Bounced off against a sharp concrete block. It's alright. We will worry about it after we reach our destination." 

Azalea nodded. "Let's go." 

The two dove once more, along with their cargo. As they neared the sea, the canals began getting deeper, making it even harder for the airborne angels to spot the swift mermaids. 

For the next fifteen minutes, Azalea and Bayou wove through the canals, trying to avoid being spotted, slowly making headway to the sea. Blaze did not know if it was planned, but numerous resident Undine assisted them in misdirecting the angels above. 

Blaze had initially assumed that they were heading towards the shanties, but soon, they passed them. They zipped south-west through the industrial district, before Azalea made a sharp left into a narrow sewage canal that emptied industrial effluents into the sea. 

At the confluence of the canal and the ocean, Blaze finally spotted their destination. 

A bus-sized, squalo-shaped submarine lay submerged near the mouth of the canal. It began to surface as it spotted them. Az and Bayou swam up with it, and as soon as they surfaced, the lid of the sub burst open, and Baozhai Rong stepped out, throwing a step ladder down. 

One by one they climbed up the side of the sub, Blaze and Elyssa followed by Bayou and Azalea. As soon as Azalea reached the top, she ran up to her foster mother with a happy little squeal of joy. 

"We did it!" she yelled, wrapping her arms around Baozhai. 

Blaze and Elyssa uncertainly stood nearby as Baozhai glanced at them, running a gentle hand through Azalea's long cyan hair. 

"Yes, yes. You have done well," she spoke with a deadpan expression. "But now, it is time for you to rest." 

"Huh?" Azalea looked up as a needle penetrated her neck. 

Before Blaze and Elyssa could react, they felt their own necks being pierced from behind. 

<em>Uh-oh</em> was Blaze's only thought, as everything turned black. 

oOo 

When he awoke, Blaze found himself stripped out of most of his clothing. His underwear was thankfully still on, but his space ring was gone. 

He was in a dank, shoddy cell, confined behind metal railings. The only source of light was a thin beam of moonlight streaming through a tiny hole up in the wall. It was obvious that they were not inside the submarine. 

Azalea sat curled up beside him, but there was no sign of Elyssa. That fact made him more anxious than being held a prisoner. 

"Where is Ely?" he asked, shaking her shoulder and startling her. 

Azalea looked up from her knees, but avoided his eyes. "I-I don't know..." she stuttered. Tears flowed freely out of her eyes, and her cheeks were stained wet. "I don't know what's going on anymore." 

"Stop wallowing in self-pity, Azalea," Bayou's voice came from the shadows outside the cell. She seemed to be sitting watch on a chair nearby. "This is why mistress Rong didn't trust you. She knew you were weak." 

"Where is Ely?!" Blaze demanded angrily, having little interest in the issues between the two mers. "And what have you done to her?" 

Bayou leaned forward on her chair, so that the moonlight could illuminate her features. 

"I dunno," she nonchalantly shrugged her shoulders. "I only care that a noble is finally getting what she deserves." 

"How can you say that Bayou?!" Azalea protested. "Elyssa is a good angel. You've talked to her!" 

"You've been blinded by wealth, Azalea. The nobles are all the same. Some are better at hiding behind a faÃ§ade, or they are hiding behind Ambina." 

"Who is Ambina?" Blaze asked. 

"You are quite naÃ¯ve for a noble, aren't ya," Bayou sneered at him. "Is it because you are not a Caledonian, or is it because most noble kids are naÃ¯ve little brats?" 

"It's a drug," Az explained, "that heals taint..." 

"Wait, you mean the one the Princeps use?" 

"Princeps? I don't know who you are talking about, but most nobles of D'Warka have been using it since I've known," Azalea said. "That's how they get away with treating us the way they do." 

Blaze's mind reeled with the implication of Azalea's words, but then something else dawned on him. 

"You use it too," he said, turning to Bayou. She was too spiteful to not have taint. 

"Of course, she doesn't," Azalea defended her friend, but Bayou's silence proved otherwise. "No... tell me you don't, Bayou." 

"<em>Yes</em>, I have used it. You are a good angel, Az, but you are also naÃ¯ve to think that you can fight against the corrupt nobles by being all seraphic. Malakim realized this a long time ago. That is why they rule us all, now. Don't be stupid." 

"<em>Bayou...</em>" Azalea whispered her name, words failing her. 

Bayou didn't bother to speak anymore, and neither did Blaze. 

"So, what is mother's plan?" Azalea asked after a while. "What does she intend to do with Blaze and Elyssa, if the plan isn't the one we discussed?" 

"Mistress Rong never originally cared about bringing this silly Fury. She was only intended to be a means to get Elyssa Marigold. I am not sure why she needs her, but she promised me that the nobles will get their due. That is all I care about." 

"You're a <em>vengeful</em> <em>little</em> <em>shit</em>," Blaze informed her. 

"Vengeance is deliciously freeing," she sneered back at him. "Mistress only became interested in bringing you along after we came to know that you were a princess. Having a princess is better than a duchess, no?" 

"Bayou... you can't hurt Blaze or Elyssa. They are our friends. My friends!" 

"They were never my friends and you... will get over it. Only mers can be our friends," Bayou said, getting up. "I will be back in a bit. Don't try to escape. You won't make it out," she informed before leaving. 

Blaze leaned back and tried to calmly analyze their situation. Their cell was part of a larger dungeon. Everything looked old, but was otherwise sturdy. He tested the railings, but they didn't seem like something he or Azalea could break. So, he began checking for anything that could help in getting free. <em>Maybe he could find something to pick the lock?</em> Not that he had any experience in picking locks. 

"I am sorry, Blaze. I- I didn't think this would happen. My m- Baozhai Rong promised that no harm would befall you. I thought she was doing this for me... I was so stupid..." 

"Stop!" Blaze said, harsher than he intended. "I mean, we can talk about it after we rescue Elyssa and get free." 

He didn't think there was any point in being angry with Azalea at that moment. 

"Do you have any idea where we are?" he asked her. 

"No... I thought we were going to hold you in the <em>deep-ship</em> while we mediated with the HU... Maybe we are still in the city. This place looks like it's a part of a castle. The only castles I know are in the Heaven District." 

"Why would Baozhai bother with a deep-ship if she was going to keep us in D'Warka? That's too much of a hassle to be a ruse..." 

"Even I didn't know about the deep-ship until we arrived at the meeting spot." 

"Hmm... Even if we escape, we might not be able to make it back before being caught." 

"I am sorry..." 

"Stop apologizing and focus." 

However, no matter how hard they thought, they couldn't find or figure out a quick way out. 

It was an hour before Bayou returned with some food. She didn't remain to converse or watch them eat. They ate before curling up to sleep. However, sleep didn't come until much later. 

*** 

Blaze was awakened by a masked angel. A thin stream of daylight piercing through hole in the wall was the only indication of the time of the day. 

"Min Rong summons you, princess," the angel said to him. 

He sat up groggily and found Azalea fast asleep beside him. 

"What about her?" 

"She has not been summoned." 

He contemplated waking her up, before deciding to not bother. 

As he stood, the angel bowed and put up her hands together to offer him his space ring. "Please get dressed, princess," she said, respectfully. 

Blaze raised a brow, surprised by her gesture. Her deference towards him was unmistakable. 

"You aren't letting me go by any chance, are you?" he asked, picking up his space ring and quickly browsing through it. His clothes and money were still there, but his weapons and VP, including his gauntlets, were gone. However, his good old viridian bat was still there. 

"I am afraid not." 

He quickly put on a pair of shorts and a shirt before the angel led him out of the cell. 

"What's the time?" he asked, as she locked the cell door behind him. 

"Half-past six, princess." 

The hallway led out into the open. Azalea had been right about one thing; the place was a fortress- an old, abandoned fortress, in ruins. A couple of masked angels kept guard atop the lone battlement that still stood tall. It was likely that there were more angels around. 

"It is futile, princess. You will not be able to escape," the angel said, noticing his gaze. 

"What's your name?" 

"Fan." 

"Fan, what is this place?" 

"I am not sure. The mistress found this place. We have only been here temporarily. Seems like a ruin of some sort." 

<em>Duh!</em> 

"Is it far from D'Warka?" 

"<em>Very</em>." 

"How is Elyssa?" 

The angel did not respond, and it frightened him. 

She led him though the central court, paved with cracked concrete flooring, weeds jutting out of the cracks. The castle may have once been a beautiful place, but now, it looked haunted and decrepit. 

They soon reached the central keep, and it's doors led into a large courtroom. Fan led him to the nearby stairway, and they began descending down into the basement. 

Baozhai Rong was waiting in a large room, with a lone desk and a couple of chairs. There was no sign of Elyssa. 

"I would have never taken you for a princess," she commented, giving him a once over. 

"Mistress," Fan spoke softly. "She is <em>the</em> <em>princess</em>. I hope you will not harm her." 

"Leave!" 

Fan shot him an apologetic look, before she left him in Baozhai's company. 

Blaze glanced at her and he felt fear. There was an unsettling gleam in her gaze, and he found himself averting his eyes. 

"What do you want with me?" he asked. 

"Nothing. I made Azalea befriend you to gain access to Elyssa Marigold. That had been the only reason. However, her feverish words over the night have given me an idea. You may prove very useful to me, now." 

"<em>What</em> do you want from us?" 

"Have you heard about the <em>Day the Darkness glowed?</em>" she asked in return. 

"Yeah..." 

"Good. It will make this easier to explain. Those who did not witness the phenomenon that day may think '<em>darkness glowing'</em> is just a metaphor. However, darkness did glow that day. It glowed because it expelled all light from within its confines." 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 19|
--------------------------------------------
"Shouldn't that just... make it bright?" Blaze questioned her logic. 

"Not to those in its vicinity and not when you saw it through <em>anja</em>. The darkness was too strong." 

"Okay... but what does that have to do with Elyssa?" 

"These days, most angels think that the day was an anomaly of nature, like an eclipse. However, they are wrong. <em>It</em> was incited by <em>Hela</em>, and <em>we</em> stopped her from achieving her goal. An attempt to suck in all the dark energy on this continent and attain a new level of power- <em>Godhood</em>." 

Baozhai's eyes lost focus for a moment as she seemed to relive a moment in her past. Blaze was unsure if Baozhai was a raving lunatic or if she was telling the truth, but he kept his thoughts to himself. "And?" 

"We stopped her. By sending a concentrated mass of pure light energy into the source," she answered him as an afterthought, before going back to her memory. 

"Then what happened?" 

"Not what we expected. We managed to stop Hela, but the strangest occurrence followed afterwards. The light and dark energies coalesced... If you think about it, it is not that strange. Light and dark energy co-exist in nature. They are not necessarily opposites like <em>angels</em> and <em>demons</em>... 

"This fusion of energy began to condense, becoming denser and denser, until it reached the size of an angel egg. Then, there was a bright flash that blinded all our senses. When our senses returned, the energy was gone, seemingly out of existence. 

"While most of my peers and superiors assumed that they were done with the phenomenon, I have been studying it for sixty years. Now, I am absolutely sure that the energy <em>had</em> condensed into an <em>egg</em>. However, tracing the egg has proven futile." 

"Wait, you don't think Elyssa was born from that egg, do you?" Blaze asked. 

"<em>Very good</em>, princess. You catch on quite quickly! Anyway, I figured that if I could not find out where the egg went, why not find the most talented angel that hatched after that day? Such a <em>magnificent</em> fusion of energy must hatch an equally outstanding individual, correct?" 

"But, Elyssa was born in 673 LE. Besides, she is Anastasia Marigold's daughter. She kinda looks like her too." 

"That is why she is here. I needed to perform some tests on her. The egg may have taken some time to hatch, or the date of her hatching may have been changed by the duchess. As for her appearance, the egg could have easily taken on the appearance of the first individual it was in contact with, as it did not have a mother." 

"You sound a little coo-coo, lady," Blaze couldn't help himself from saying. 

Baozhai only laughed. "You are right. I may be a little mad, but that does not make me wrong. Come, I have had enough of this conversation," she said, turning towards an ominous metallic door on the farside of her room. 

Blaze hesitated. 

"You want to see Ms. Elyssa, <em>do you not</em>?" 

That got him moving. Baozhai opened the door and beckoned him into the darkness behind it. She stepped inside behind him, and he heard the clunk of the door being shut. The room was lit by a single dim lantern, and as soon as Blaze's eyes adjusted to the light, he saw a gut-wrenching sight. 

"No!" he gasped, rushing to the angel hanging from metallic chains fastened to the cold stone walls of the dungeon. 

Elyssa hung naked and bleeding through an uncountable number of cuts all over her body, but what was truly hideous was the state of her wings; rather, the husk of what was left of her wings. She had been completely and brutally <em>plucked.</em> 

Plucking, a method of torture invented and employed by the demons, was the most horrifying of things that could be done to an angel. There was nothing worse. During the war, the demons used to force their captives to manifest their wings, and utilized a set of tools to confine and forcibly prolong the manifestation. Then, they slowly and systematically plucked each and every feather off their wings. 

Blaze had read that the experience was not only extremely painful and utterly humiliating, but also deeply traumatizing, as it stripped an angel of what made them an angel. It made them feel absolutely helpless. 

He skidded to her and picked her up in his arms, trying to alleviate the weight on her hands. "Elyssa!" he cried, as her head lolled against his shoulder. Her eyes were closed, but at least he could feel her slow heartbeat, and the warmth that was still left in her body. 

"What have you done?!" he screamed, turning his head towards the cursed angel. 

"I have been trying to bring out her darkness, but Ms. Elyssa refuses to embrace her negative thoughts. But, I think she will for <em>you, princess</em>. I am sorry, but I will have to pluck you as she watches," Baozhai smiled frighteningly, and walked towards a set of cruel-looking tools at a nearby table. 

However, Blaze cared little for what she would do to him. "Elyssa, wake up, Ely," he cried to his dear friend. Tears began to flow down his cheeks and on reaching his chin, they fell on her naked body to combine with her drying blood. The wet warmth of his tears startled Elyssa out of her nightmare. 

"B-Blaze?" she murmured, tightly clutching him. 

"Yes, Ely. I am here," he said, supporting her head with his hand. Her eyes struggled to open for a moment, and when they finally did, they filled with terror. 

"<em>Blaze! You should not be here</em>," she whispered hoarsely. 

She raised a featherless wing by his side and glanced at it. A single tuft, colored in a deep, dark, nauseating magenta, stuck out of the bend of her wing. "<em>Blazey,</em>" Elyssa whimpered, a single tear trickling down her left cheek. "I have been <em>tainted</em>." 

Overwhelming sorrow filled Blaze. Never in his dreams had he imagined Elyssa to sound <em>so weak... so helpless</em>, and he couldn't help himself from sobbing for her. "Elyssa... <em>hic...</em> it's alright. I can cure it... <em>hic...</em> and don't you worry 'bout a thing. Even if it doesn't go away, it doesn't matter one bit. I will be here right by your side." 

Elyssa's eyes widened at his last sentence, as if she realized something terrible. "Blaze!" she said, grabbing his hands and taking them to her throat. "Kill me, now!" 

Blaze shuddered. When she said those words, there was no trace of the anguish from before. Only a strange conviction. 

"What the <em>Hela</em> are you saying?!" he cried, trying to pull his hands away, but Ely gripped them tight. 

"Quickly, <em>Blaze</em>! She will not hurt you if I am dead, and she cannot taint me anymore. Please, Blaze, do it for me, if not for yourself. I can not see her torture you. Please, listen to me <em>just this once</em>." 

"Now, now, princess. Do not do anything hasty," Baozhai Rong spoke from behind. "I never intended for either of you to die. She just has to embrace her darkness, and I promise that both of you will leave here alive. It is not a lie. I did not go through all this trouble just to see the Nephilim die, and I have no wish to kill a Xian princess. I am a Xian too, afterall." 

Suddenly, something flipped inside Blaze. Sorrow turned into anger, which quickly heightened to an absolute rage. However, this rage was nothing like the one he felt during his Righteous Fury. This was a vengeful rage that only sought destruction- destruction of the one that caused so much suffering to his friend. <em>It</em> was <em>wrath</em>. 

A strength that he did not know he possessed filled his arms, and he yanked his hands away from Elyssa's grip. "Elyssa," he said, staring straight into her azure eyes, "I will <em>kill</em> you if you ever think of dying again." 

Elyssa's hands helplessly fell to her side, as she saw the raw emotion in his eyes. She seemed to realize the gravity of what she had just asked her best friend to do. "I-I am sorry," she said, but Blaze had no interest in hearing her apology. He let her go and pulled out his viridian bat, as he turned around to face Baozhai. 

Manifesting his wings, he took a step towards her. Wrath finally took over his mind. <em>"You. Will. Die,"</em> he said, in a voice that sounded nothing like him. It was low, gravelly, like an asphalt-mixer, and fear-inducing. It sent shivers down Elyssa's and Baozhai's backs. 

Suddenly, a ripple spread through the fabric of space around them, originating from Blaze's entire being. The dim lantern at the corner of the room flickered. 

Then, there was another ripple. 

Baozhai's eyes widened in disbelief. "<em>This</em>..." she muttered, as the room continued to grow darker. Light began to flee from Blaze. 

The tainted tuft over Elyssa's wing dematerialized, turning into a tiny amorphous blob, before being sucked into the darkness that was Blaze. 

"B-Blaze?" Elyssa called out into the darkness, which slowly spread, enveloping the entire room. 

Blaze's red and white wings shone bright with fluorescence within the darkness, which wasn't <em>black,</em> but a deep crimson. 

Fear mounted in their hearts though logic suggested that they had nothing to fear from him- Baozhai was a powerful archangel and Elyssa was his friend. The fear was even worse for the Xian, as she was beholden by his eyes, that were now a deep crimson in a sea of black. 

Baozhai took a step back, and even Elyssa's instincts begged her to flee, and she would've, if she had not been chained and drained. 

His wings rose up, as if giving way to something new. Elyssa saw them first as they tore through his shirt. They were wings, but they were not angelic. They were a deep black crimson; darker than the darkness he was emitting. Elyssa glanced up at his first pair of wings, expecting to see taint, but she was astonished to see that they were as bright as ever. 

<em>How?</em> 

Such contrasting energies could not exist without tainting one another. Elyssa had seen the Taiga warriors of Xian, who were essentially tainted angels that learned to control their taint for short periods. However, what she was witnessing now was nothing like them. Blaze's contrasting energies seemed completely unaffected by one another. 

The darkness spread out of the room as Blaze's second pair of wings began to grow. It swept across the fortress, filling the angels within it with absolute dread. One after the other, they began to flee. They knew of their mistress' madness, and they all imagined the darkness to have been caused by her. They wished to have nothing to do with it. 

Baozhai Rong came to her senses when Blaze's second pair reached the same size as his first. However, by then, it was too late. 

<em>BOOM!</em> 

A deafening sonic boom sounded as Blaze disappeared from his spot. The resulting wind slammed Elyssa into the wall behind her. Blood spurted out of her mouth and nostrils, and her consciousness teetered for a second, but she willed herself to stay awake. 

Two pairs of wings, one pale green and the other sky blue, burst forth from Baozhai's back, just as Blaze's bat crashed into her arms, held up in defence. However, despite her open wings, she was knocked off her feet, and she crashed into the metallic door, ten feet behind her. 

<em>BOOM!</em> A second Swift Wing Dash followed the first. 

There were two cracks, one metallic, and one of brittle bone. A shrill cry of pain pierced the room as the viridian bat broke at the handle and shot off, hitting the side wall and clattering to the ground. However, neither Elyssa nor Baozhai could hear a thing. There was only the ringing aftermath of the sonic booms in their ears. 

However, Blaze neither acknowledged the fact that his bat broke, nor did he throw away the handle. He simply clenched his fists and began to pummel Baozhai like she was a sandbag. 

The might of his fists left no room for the Xian to counterattack as she was cornered against the solid metallic door, which began to warp behind her body. 

It was mind-boggling for Elyssa. Blaze was strong, but beating up a fully-developed archangel should've been <em>so</em> out of his realm of strength, that it should've been impossible. Yes, he currently had a second pair of wings which implied that he too was an archangel, but how could he be an archangel? He was too young and had shown no signs of becoming an archangel. One could sprout a second pair of wings overnight, but no one could simply grow out fully formed archangel wings at one go. It took years. Genius had nothing to do with it. 

Baozhai was so shell-shocked, so overwhelmed, and so beaten, that her hands finally gave in and fell limply to her sides. Yet, Blaze showed no signs of pausing. His fists continued to rain down on her body without mercy. Elyssa could do nothing but watch. 

Baozhai's energy reinforcement finally caved, and her skin began to bruise and split. Blood began to splatter, yet she held a strange smile that was horrifying on her blood-smeared face. She seemed to have no desire to make Blaze stop. 

Finally, it was Blaze who'd had enough. He gripped her throat and raised her up against the door. 

His fingers squeezed. 

"M-Mercy, mistress..." she choked. "I-I only wish to serve you." 

However, Blaze's crimson black eyes showed no change. It was like he didn't even hear her. Fear finally showed in Baozhai's crazed eyes as she began struggling under his hand. 

"Blaze!" Elyssa breathed. "Stop!" 

She had no desire to see Blaze kill in cold blood, not even the one who had put her through the gravest of tortures. 

However, Blaze's grip did not ease. The pressure on Baozhai's neck and the lack of oxygen made her pupils roll up in her eyes. Her kicking legs began to slow. 

"BLAZE!" Elyssa yelled. "Stop, please!" 

There was no response. 

Tears began to roll down Elyssa's eyes. "Stop it, Blaze. Please," she cried. Her chains rattled as she struggled to break free. 

The grief in her voice finally seemed to affect him. His fingers relaxed and Baozhai sucked in a deep breath. Clenching his fingers, he pulled his hand back as deep crimson energy began to manifest around his fist. It grew brighter as he concentrated for a moment, before sending his fist crashing into her stomach. 

Coughed-up blood spattered across his face as the archangel was sent flying, along with the door, into the other room. Elyssa's knees gave in and she fell against her chains. 

Blaze stood up straight and simply gazed into the other room, before finally turning around. 

Elyssa gasped when she saw his face. She recognized neither his eyes nor his expression. His face was contorted with wrath and his crimson eyes held a possessive concern towards her. The fear she first felt when his darkness surged returned. 

Elyssa had never feared anything in her life. She had felt prudence, but never fear. Her mother, General Sturm, had always told her that it was a weakness and not a strength. Lynn Sturm claimed that true courage arose from knowing fear. But now, when Elyssa finally found fear, she felt there was nothing good about it. 

<em>He</em> began walking towards her, and she instinctively cowered against the wall, like a cornered rabbit. When he reached her, he grabbed her chains and yanked them right off the wall, like they were mere pins pushed into cardboard. 

He grabbed her by the waist and pulled her close. 

"Don't worry," he said, with a frightening smile and that terrifying voice. "<em>I</em> would <em>never... hurt</em> you," he said. 

Elyssa felt like a lamb in a Xenodon's paws. His smile widened at her expression, before the darkness that enveloped the entire fortress suddenly receded back into his body, within a fraction of a second. His crimson wings disappeared almost instantaneously, along with the black in his eyes. 

Strength seemed to leave his body and his eyelids closed as he fell into her arms. The weight on her body told her that he was no longer conscious. 

The fear induced by the darkness receded and logic returned to her mind. Elyssa dematerialized the husk of her wings and slid to the floor with Blaze in her arms. She sat there and tried to process the events. Finally, a voice broke her out of her thoughts. 

"What happened? Is Blaze okay?" asked a concerned Azalea, standing at the doorway and peering into the room. She seemed hesitant to step inside. 

Elyssa's first instinct was to be wary, but soon she remembered that Azalea had been knocked out first. She didn't want to trust her, but Blaze was unconscious, and she was in no state to fly. 

"How is your mother?" she asked with utmost calmth, her voice currently resembling Anastasia's. 

Azalea flinched at that word. "I-I don't know. She is not here..." 

"She is not in that room?!" 

"No... There is no one else left in the fortress." 

Elyssa could not understand how Baozhai could recover so fast. She had actually thought that Blaze had killed her with that last punch. Maybe his strength had been a mere illusion. 

"Do you have a VP?" 

"No... but there is a ring on Blaze's finger. Maybe it has one." 

Elyssa quickly removed the ring and checked it, but to her disappointment, there was nothing of current use inside it. 

"Lemme look around," Azalea said, turning around. 

"No, first help me get out of this Goddess forsaken room," she said, holding Blaze and standing up. She felt weak and her body hurt all over. 

Azalea finally stepped inside and helped her get Blaze out of the room. They placed him on a chair, before searching the desk and its shelves for something useful. They found nothing but parchment, pens, and ink. 

"Do you know where we are?" Elyssa asked. 

"No..." 

"Okay, here is the plan. I cannot fly for now. You must carry us both out of here. If the mainland is too far, you can leave us someplace else to go get help. We <em>cannot</em> stay here any longer. We do not know who may still be watching and we do not know if Baozhai will return." 

"I <em>will</em> carry you both to safety, even if it is a thousand yonders away," Azalea said, with conviction. 

"Good, I will hold you to that," Elyssa nodded, finally pulling out a set of Blaze's swim clothes from his space ring and quickly wearing them. The clothes hurt against her wounds, but they helped her feel a little less vulnerable. 

Azalea noticed her distress, but she couldn't do anything. She simply lifted Blaze into her arms, and they slowly made their way out of the building. 

"What happened?" Azalea asked her again, when they were out in the open. 

"I do not know," Elyssa lied. "I was tortured, and I lost consciousness. I woke up with Blaze in my arms," she said, surprising herself with how convincingly she said it. "Did <em>you</em> see anything?" 

"I was with Bayou in that building when that <em>demonic</em> darkness enveloped this whole island. We were petrified for a few moments. The wrath in that darkness was <em>so... palpable</em>. Our instinct was to flee, and I did flee with Bayou, but I came back as I couldn't leave you guys here. 

"I am deeply sorry for everything you've experienced because of me. It was never my intention to hurt you. The point of the uprising was to show that it is only the merangels that get hurt, and so many did so, for the cause. Now, all of their sacrifices have been in vain. I don't know why I trusted another angel." 

"Azalea!" Elyssa said, stopping her rant. "You know one angel that you can always count on. He is right here." 

Elyssa wasn't entirely sure what she had witnessed earlier, but she trusted the Blaze she knew. She just wasn't sure if <em>that</em> had been Blaze. Azalea did not need to know that. 

Azalea glanced at Blaze in her arms and she humbly nodded. "I <em>know.</em> Even when we were confined in that dungeon, he was never angry with me. After all I did..." 

They trudged through the dilapidated fortress until they reached the eastern cliffside. The one thing they were sure about was that D'Warka was to the east. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 20|
--------------------------------------------
The fortress was built on a small volcanic island formed by a long-dormant underwater fissure. The color of the volcanic rock was similar to that of the stone fortress, and the fortress was built within the crater of the volcano, making it very hard for one to spot it from a distance. However, the visual the merangel and the angel found unsettling, was the endless sea of purple surrounding them in all directions. <em>Seaweed</em>- there was seaweed everywhere. 

"Can you make it?" Elyssa asked. Swimming in open water was one thing but navigating through an ocean of seaweed with two angels on her back was something even an archnymph could find difficult. 

"I don't know. Depends on how far we are from the mainland. We should try waking her up." 

"You can try." 

Elyssa had a feeling that whatever power that Blaze had used was not his own. There was no way a mere angel could display the strength he did, so it must have at least been consuming. 

And, she was proven right when Blaze did not even budge when Azalea slapped his cheeks. 

"We should get going." 

They walked down the steep trail carved into the basalt cliffside, and soon reached a point where water crashed against the smooth, slippery surface, eroded over millions of years. 

Azalea handed Blaze to Elyssa and carefully got into the water. She found a good spot, before beckoning Elyssa to lower him in. 

Elyssa followed. The sea water stung against her wounds, and she had so many that it felt like her body was on fire. However, she didn't show her pain. 

Soon, she was sitting on Azalea's back, with Blaze in her front. Their weight forced Azalea's body to sink up to her neck, despite her strongly-waving mermaid tail. 

Slowly, the Mami Wata began to wade through the water, pushing the weed aside with her arms. It was a strenuous task, and Elyssa helped as much as she could. The only silver lining was that the seaweed would make it hard for anyone to spot them. 

It took almost an hour for the fortress island to disappear out of sight, but they still couldn't see any sign of land. They travelled another hour, before Azalea suddenly dipped her head into the water. 

She surfaced a moment later, with fear evident in her eyes. 

"What?" Elyssa asked. 

"A frenzy of squalo is approaching from the west," she said, her eyes instinctually glancing at the bleeding cuts on Elyssa's body. 

"Should we head back to the island?" Elyssa asked. 

"No, we will be heading straight towards them." 

"Have any more of those breathing masks?" 

"Just three," Azalea said, pulling them out and handing them over. "Each one will last up to ten minutes." 

"Dive and put as much distance between them as you can. Maybe they will get distracted by something else," Elyssa said, affixing the mask over Blaze's mouth and nose, before taking a deep breath and wearing the other. 

Azalea dove fifteen feet below the surface and shot forward. Her speed almost threw Elyssa off, along with Blaze, but she held on. She tried to keep an eye out for the squalo, but her eyes were not made to see very far in such hazy sea water, clouded by the seaweed biome. 

Azalea, however, had echolocation. Just as Elyssa began to feel the oxygen mask drying out, the merangel surfaced. 

"They are upon us!" she cried, pulling Elyssa's legs off her waist, and handing her a spear that she pulled out of her space ring. Without another word, she dove back, leaving Elyssa floating with Blaze in her arms. 

For a second, Elyssa wondered if the merangel had left them, but the next moment, a squalo twice the size of the mermaid shot a foot out of the water and crashed with a mighty splash. 

Azalea sprang out through the weeds, wielding a khopesh. The blade pressed against the squalo's skin as she flew over the stunned fish in a graceful arc, drawing a deep clean cut around its neck, before she plunged back into the water and disappeared. 

Blood began to spill out the cut, and the squalo thrashed for a bit, before going still. Its body slowly began to sink, but Elyssa's mental celebration lasted only a moment. A horde of scaly sail-like fins began to peek out of the weeds, all around them. There were at least a dozen and Azalea was only one merangel. How many squalo could she kill before they overwhelmed her? How long could she protect them? 

"Can you stay afloat with Blaze?" Azalea surfaced and yelled. 

"I have to," she replied. 

Azalea gave her a somber nod and dove back in. 

The fins began to circle around them through the weeds, slowly getting closer. A surge of bloodied water shot up about fifty feet away from them. The tail of another dead squalo rose out of the water, before sinking. The fins nearest to the merangel scattered away from her. 

Elyssa instinctively looked behind. A fin cut through the water straight towards them. She hastily switched the oxygen mask on Blaze, before taking the spear in both hands, and diving under. 

She was just in time to see the massive maws of the squalo looming towards her. She thrust the spear towards it, and the squalo swerved away, shooting past her thrust. Thankfully, the creature couldn't make sharp turns. 

Azalea came shooting through the water and the squalo zipped away from her. Elyssa surfaced to catch her breath and pull Blaze back towards herself. The circling fins closed in. 

"Elyssa," Azalea's head popped out for a moment. "There are too many for me to simply defend. <em>You must</em> defend, while I try to take out a few. Hopefully, it will scare the others away," she quickly told her, before disappearing back into the water. 

Elyssa pulled her top off and fastened it around Blaze's neck, before pushing air into it until it formed a makeshift floater. Blaze's head lolled back, but the floater helped his nose remain above water. 

The squalo were pack hunters. They were experts at herding schools of fish into the jaws of their companions. They also hunted gigantic squid that were much larger and stronger than them. So, as soon as they understood that the merangel could take them out in a one-on-one fight, they began to actively avoid a head-on confrontation. Any squalo that Azalea targeted swam away from her, while some of its packmates attacked her from behind, while the others tried to get Elyssa and Blaze. 

Elyssa tried her best to ward off the squalo whenever they managed to get past Azalea, but every move enervated her a little more. 

Merangel scales were very tough- hard enough to withstand the bite of a squalo. However, they were not invincible. As Azalea struggled to kill the squalo while also defending the two helpless angels in water, the incessant attacks began to consume her energy, until the bites began to penetrate and mar her beautiful cyan tail with purple blood. 

She managed to kill three more squalo, before fatigue slowly began to take its toll. She was pushed back as the remaining squalo closed in on them. Finally, the mermaid found herself back-to-back with Elyssa. 

"I am sorry, Elyssa," she said, weakly. 

"No, you did your best. Thank you," she said, with the spear in one hand and Blaze in the other. 

"Here they come!" Azalea announced, as four fins shot towards them, carving four diagonal paths in the seaweed. Elyssa could at most defend against one, so she had to take care of three. 

When the squalo were about twenty feet away from her, Azalea dove under and shot towards the one straight ahead. The squalo swerved away to avoid her, but Azalea never intended to go after that one. She abruptly turned around to the one coming from her left, and sliced it from nose to tail, as it tried to dive under her. 

Then, she turned around and zipped towards one of the two that had beelined towards Elyssa. Elyssa thrust her spear at it, clipping its left flapper as it swerved away. 

Suddenly, she heard a scream vibrate through the surface of the water. Elyssa plunged her head into the water and found a squalo biting into Azalea's tail, while another dead one sank to the ocean floor, leaving a trail of blood behind. 

Letting go of Blaze, she dove towards the squalo as it violently shook its head to tear into Azalea's scales, while she rapidly slashed at its snout. Gathering every ounce of energy, she could muster, she rushed towards the mer. 

The frenzied squalo did not see Elyssa coming, and the angel thrust her spear, aiming for its eye. Luck allowed her spear to find its mark. Elyssa twisted the spear and yanked it, dragging the squalo's eye and brains out. Then, she plunged it into its head again. She repeated it two more times, before the squalo's jaw finally loosened, and Azalea struggled free. 

The two of them surfaced and Elyssa floundered to reach Blaze and pull him back to herself. The floater around his neck was beginning to lose its efficacy. 

The water around them began to dye purple with Azalea's blood. It frenzied the squalo even more, but losing three more of their kind made them a little wary. Elyssa counted their fins as they circled around, getting ever closer. There were still ten more and she realized that their odds of surviving were slim. 

"You should try and escape if you can," she said to Azalea, weakly. She would have asked her to take Blaze along if she thought the mer could still carry another person. 

"No," was Azalea's only reply, and the way she said it made Elyssa decide not to bother convincing her otherwise. 

She readied her spear and faced the squalo. "Then, we take down as many as we can." Her arm felt like a dead-weight, and she wasn't sure if her next thrust would do any damage, even if it found its mark. Her body cried to let go, but her mind did not want to seek death a second time that day. 

"Agreed." 

Slowly, the squalo began to grow bolder, making probing attacks, and backing off at the last moment. Time ticked by slowly, and the two angels began to tire, especially Azalea, as she began to lose more blood. 

Suddenly, six squalo shot towards them. Elyssa and Azalea put their heads underwater to see better, but they heard something unexpected. 

Low-pitched rumbling reverberated through the water. The squalo shot past them. Confused, the two angels surfaced, only to see the entire pack fleeing. 

High up in the sky, a pelagorn circled around their position, screeching at the top of her lungs. 

They turned around and spotted the white backs of a herd of manatee bobbing over and under the seaweed, slowly making their way towards their location. On the backs of the leading manatee were five older Undine and Bayou, pounding their weapons into the water to scare away the squalo. However, the low, rumbling voices of the manatee were what scared the squalo away. The squalo had long been conditioned to learn that where there were manatees, there were merangel herders. 

"Oh, thank the Goddess," Azalea let out a breath of relief, and began waving her khopesh at the Undine. 

Bayou and two older mers jumped into the water and raced towards them. The older mer wore nothing but a couple of ornaments. The merangels of D'Warka were mindful of their nakedness because they lived with the angels, but the herders in the open sea did not need to heed anyone's sensibilities, except their own. Unfortunately for Blaze, he was not awake to appreciate them. 

"Are you kids alright?" asked one of the older mers. 

"Why are you here?" Elyssa asked Bayou, hugging Blaze close to her chest. She was forced to trust Azalea, but she didn't trust Bayou. 

"I am only here to rescue Azalea. However, you don't have to worry about me helping Baozhai Rong anymore. Even in my hatred for the nobles, I would never support a demon. I guess we've all been deceived, eh, Az?" she asked, wading up to Azalea to support her. 

"Thanks for coming back," said Azalea. 

"Thank you for rescuing us," Elyssa addressed the adult Undine. "I am Elyssa Marigold, daughter of Duchess Anastasia Marigold of Aranya. I request you kind Undine to escort us to D'Warka." 

oOo 

For the second time that week, Blaze woke up with a start in a bed that he did not recognize. However, he was very glad to find Jie Er and Rebecca sleeping on his either side, protectively cocooning him. 

His wakefulness roused the two older angels. 

"Where is Elyssa?" he asked Jie Er. 

"She is resting in the adjacent room. She is fine, don't worry," Jie Er answered, hugging him to her bosom. 

"What about her wings?" 

"She may need some time to recover, but she will be fine. You must rest. You exhausted your energy to a dangerous level." 

"What about the corruption?" 

"Corruption?" 

"Ely's wings..." 

"They have been <em>plucked</em> but they do not have any corruption in them. What are you talking about?" 

"She... Baozhai Rong... I must see her," he said, pulling away from Jie Er and sitting up. 

Jie Er did not stop him, and the angel guarding Elyssa's room did not stop him, either. He found Elyssa awake, and in conversation with her two mothers. General Sturm had rushed to D'Warka upon hearing of her daughter's ordeal. 

"Blaze!" Elyssa gasped, when she saw him. Jie Er and Rebecca followed him in. 

Blaze simply rushed onto her bed and pulled her into a heavy, fulsome hug. He didn't care for the numerous bandages covering her cuts. Elyssa couldn't even budge, as his hands completely wrapped around her. She simply rested her cheek against his and felt his warmth. Blaze breathed in deeply and took in the smell of her hair and her presence. For some reason, her smell always reminded him of old books and campfires. It was comforting and he loved it. 

"Are you going to be okay?" he muttered into her ear. 

"<em>Yes</em>, you?" 

Blaze nodded over her shoulder. 

He let her go after another moment, but he didn't get off her bed. Instead, he shuffled under her covers and leaned against the head of the bed. 

"I am a little tired. I hope you don't mind," he asked her mothers. 

"Not at all," replied Anastasia, with an uncharacteristically emotional smile. 

Blaze took Elyssa's hand under the covers and leaned against her shoulder. Her presence and safety brought him peace. Soon, the two angels fell asleep beside each other. Blaze had been unconscious for two straight days but he still slept like a baby that night. 

oOo 

The next morning, he found Elyssa having breakfast in bed beside him. There was no one else in the room. 

"Where's mine?" he asked. His stomach felt ravenous. 

Elyssa offered him a piece of her mamgi, and he ate it off her hand, before grabbing more from her plate. Elyssa called out to a servant to ask for more. 

"What do you remember?" she asked him softly, when the servant left them. 

Blaze wracked his brain for a moment. His dreams had been plagued by a lot of things the previous night, and in that moment, he couldn't tell what was real. 

"Er... the last thing I remember is you asking me to... I think I kinda went mad after that. I can't recall anything else. Did I do something strange?" 

Elyssa fell silent. 

"Ely?" 

"Here is what happened," she said, "You began to display the Righteous Fury, and it somehow absorbed my taint. It was a miracle! However, I do not think we should mention it to anyone else, not even my mothers. <em>Just trust me on this</em>." 

"Okay," Blaze nodded. He felt a little amazed that he could display the Righteous Fury again, especially since Elyssa was his friend, but then, Siofra had done it for him, too. Maybe the angels had their theories wrong. As for him absorbing the taint, it didn't even surprise him. He decided he should tell Elyssa about his ability to heal taint, later. "Then what happened?" he asked. 

"Then, Baozhai Rong went crazy. A strange darkness surged from inside her and enveloped the whole island. I don't even know what it was. All the mercenaries who had been helping Baozhai fled when they felt it. Then, the darkness had a strange, violent interaction with your Righteous Fury. It badly wounded Baozhai, and she fled," Elyssa said, before narrating her experiences in its aftermath. 

The herders had brought them back to D'Warka and Bayou had left them before they reached the city. 

"What about Azalea?" 

"She is fine. I do not think she will be held responsible for Baozhai Rong's actions, but the rebellion is being discussed. The D'Warkan nobility may want to hold her and all the other Undine responsible, but they will have to be careful. The news of the incident has spread around the HU, and angels all around the continent are aghast that the Undine have been forced to take up such extraordinary measures, merely to make a statement. The Malakim will not risk giving the young Undine any exigent punishments at this point. However, I am not sure what awaits them in the future. It may be best if they leave D'Warka, altogether," Elyssa answered. 

Blaze relaxed a little at those words. The servant returned with his breakfast, along with Jie Er and Rebecca. 

Over the next couple of days, Blaze rested in his bedroom beside Elyssa's, thinking over many things while Sky kept him constant company. He thought about his past life, his current one, and his recent experiences. He had always imagined himself as the cool hero who just takes it easy on the sidelines, until it was time to make a grand entrance and save everyone. 

But, those were idle fantasies of one without power or responsibility. Now that he had both, he was forced to think about the consequences of his inaction. He still had many things to learn, but was it right to not do anything until it affected him, or until he was absolutely sure that he was doing right? Would he ever truly know what was right? 

He remembered his conversation with Jie Er on the gondola. Jie Er had not known the right course of action regarding the Undine when she was still a student at Bologna Uni, and she did not know it now. But, maybe if she had been more involved, it could've prevented this whole incident. Maybe, he wouldn't have had to hear his best friend ask him to <em>kill her</em>. Maybe, she wouldn't have gone through so much suffering, that it made her ask him such a thing. 

Elyssa's tone and voice from that moment had plagued him both in his dreams and when he was awake. 

On the second day, Jie Er came bearing the news that Azalea and her gang were pardoned. The damages to D'Warka were to be paid from Baozhai Rong's finances, but her physical assets were to be handed over to the Xian. However, there wasn't anything about reconciliation or mediation with the Undine. The Caledonian nobility only tooted their own magnanimity at being able to forgive those responsible for the revolt. 

While growing up on Earth, Blaze had never been in a rush to become an adult. Maybe it was because he had grown up in a well-to-do family, or maybe it was because as the baby of the family, he had been pampered a little. Even his older brother, ten years older than him, had always been more of a parent than a brother. Blaze, however, had liked to think that his proclivity towards remaining a child was because he was smarter than peers his own age. 

Though he always projected a mature persona around his peers, when he was around family he always reverted to his child-like personality. So, when Azra-El presented him the opportunity to be a "child", though he had complained at times, he was happy to fill in his new shoes. Especially since he had none of the restrictions of being a child, but all the benefits of being seen as one. 

However, over the course of the year, he realized something else. Maybe it wasn't his <em>intelligence</em> that made him wish to remain a child. Maybe it was because of his empathy. He felt the responsibility, the pressures, and the pain of being a parent, and that empathy extended to anyone else that suffered, whether it was a friend, an animal, or even someone else whom he could only observe from afar. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 21|
--------------------------------------------
It wasn't that he never caused any suffering. Oftentimes, his empathy was the source of his impulsiveness. 

Yet, even with all his empathy, he had been cruel to Badava. However, why he did it was not important. What was important were his <em>actions</em> after he realized his mistake. And, he always <em>acted</em>. 

Now, that he had witnessed the suffering of Azalea and the Undine, he <strong>had</strong> to act, even if all he could achieve was a metaphorical gesture that did not result in anything substantial. Maybe the sufferers could achieve solace in knowing that someone other than themselves had their back, that someone else actually cared. 

Thus, Blaze came to a decision. 

On the third morning, when Ying Yue and CG visited him, he spoke over their table during breakfast, in the presence of Elyssa and her mothers. 

"Mother, Aunt Ying Yue," he said, with utmost seriousness. "I wish to be the <em>Prince</em> <em>of Xian</em>." 

"Okay," they accepted. 

Blaze discussed the rest of his thoughts, especially his plans regarding Azalea and the Undine. To his surprise, Elyssa was very supportive of his ideas. 

Finally, he gave the Empress of Xian a call. 

*** 

That afternoon, Blaze visited Azalea at the public Hospice in the industrial district. She was surrounded by all her Undine friends, excluding Bayou. Bayou had apparently disappeared without a trace. 

"How are you doing?" he asked. He truly felt pity towards her. 

"Not too bad, considering I was almost ripped in two by a squalo..." Azalea replied. Blaze was glad to hear the dry humor in her voice. Despite everything, he thought of Azalea as a fun-loving merangel, who was genuinely good at heart. He didn't want her to lose any of it because of one misjudgement. However, he was still a little angry with her. 

"I am not going to thank you for coming back to save us, since you put us in that position in the first place," he said. 

"I know. I am deeply sorry for it." 

"Good," he said, nodding at her apology. "Anyway, I need you to know something. The Caledonians have seized Baozhai Rong's assets, but they cannot keep them, as they technically belong to a citizen of Xian. Long story short, I now own all of Baozhai's holdings. Her silk industry and its routes, the energy mines, and her shares in the Blazing Furies Company. 

"I understand," she nodded, solemnly. As Baozhai's adopted daughter, Baozhai's property was rightfully hers, but that couldn't happen now, as they had both essentially committed treason. 

"No, you don't. You've told me that you were good at math, and that Baozhai Rong had been teaching you the ins-and-outs of her trade. So, I want to make you the head of the Furious Corporation- name subject to change. The proceeds of the company will be used to raise the living conditions of the Undine in D'Warka, though I intend to use it for other purposes as well. The Undine in the corporation will have as much access to executive positions as the angels. Will you take up the mantle?" 

"No." 

"What? Why?" he said, not expecting such an immediate refusal. 

"Blaze, I may have the skills for such an endeavor, but I do not have the backing, nor am I the right race to do it. I understand your good intentions, but a company in D'Warka headed by a merangel is destined to fail." 

"You won't know until you try. I believe that most angels of D'Warka are as angelic as any other. You know it yourself. As for those few self-serving nobility, let me take care of them. The real question is, are your people willing to follow me?"  

"<em>Follow</em> you? <em>I may</em>, but I don't think there are many Undine that would willingly choose to serve an angel and a noble. They will work for a wage, but they will not be on your side." 

"That's alright. They will learn to trust me, but I will need your help. From the bottom of my heart, I wish to bring the Undine out of their servitude. I can't do it without you having my back." 

"<em>I</em> will follow you, princess," Ariel, the black-haired Undine spoke, surprising all of them. 

Soon, one by one, the others agreed, until Azalea finally caved in. 

"Good, now, can you guys arrange a meeting with the heads of the Undine this evening? I wish to speak to them." 

That evening, Blaze made a bid to the Undine. It was a strange offer, but his background as the Righteous Fury convinced them of his sincerity. Moreover, they were all in a precarious position because of the rebellion. Thus, they agreed to go along with it and see what happens. 

*** 

The next morning, Blaze stood on a podium placed outside Anastasia's manor in D'Warka, surrounded by a multitude of reporters, Undine, nobles, and commoners. His family and friends stood behind him. 

"I, Blaze Er Lokra," he spoke out loud, "citizen of Aranya and Prince of Xian, would like to announce that from this day forth, all the merangels of D'Warka will be considered <em>my</em> people. 

"As my people, I expect them to be treated the same as any angel from Xian or Aranya. If they aren't, then you will have to answer me. I don't think anyone wants to be the cause of my <em>third</em> Righteous Fury." 

The news about the incident that had been going around was that Blaze had displayed a second Righteous Fury to save himself and Elyssa from the wrath of a demon. Blaze believed in it himself. Some, who had more knowledge of the incident, believed that Baozhai Rong had been replaced by a demon at some point. As for the strange phenomenon that had made the mercenaries flee, it had become nothing more than a mere rumor. 

A brief silence was followed by a rustle of whispers. Most held looks of varying degrees of incomprehension. 

"The Undine of D'Warka have <em>accepted</em> to be my people," Blaze repeated, after a moment, waving his arm at the hundred-odd Undine gathered nearby. "As the <em>Prince</em> of Xian, I will not allow anyone to mistreat them. If they do, they better be ready to face this Righteous Fury's true fury." 

Blaze nose curled up a little as he spoke the word fury. He had never referred to himself by that title before. 

"If necessary, I am fully willing to provide the Undine asylum in Xian, and make a new city for them," he continued. It was a bluff. He had not asked the Empress of Xian for permission to make a new city, nor was he under the delusion that he, as a prince, could provide for over two hundred thousand Undine. 

However, the threat was there, even if what he claimed was not probable. The entire economy of D'Warka could be destabilized if the Undine packed their bags and left. 

"However, <em>that</em> is not ideal for D'Warkans, nor for the Undine. I do not ask for special treatment for my people. My only goal is for the Undine to be treated as you would treat a fellow angel. Offer them the same dignity as you offer a fellow angel. Give them the same pay for the same work. 

"I will not claim that I know much about the suffering of the Undine, nor about the complexities of their life in D'Warka, but I will be there for them when they need me, and I am willing to <em>learn</em>- from both sides. I think we can come to a mutually-acceptable solution if the Malakim of D'Warka are willing to work with <em>us</em>," he finished, on a humbler note. "Any questions?" 

A multitude of hands went up simultaneously. The Caledonians always possessed decorum. Blaze pointed at an angel standing in the front row. 

"Can you tell us what happened when you were taken hostage? Is this decision a result of what you experienced?" 

"I was unconscious for most of the time. However, I can tell you that Baozhai Rong was a crazed angel, who was beyond tainted. She tortured Elyssa, and planned to torture me, for reasons I do not fully comprehend. She had been controlling her taint using some artificial substance. I don't know anything else, and I do not wish to comment anymore on the subject. And yes, this decision is partly due to what I witnessed during that incident." 

He picked a few more random hands and answered their questions before he moved to Clio. 

"Princess Blaze," she called out from the crowd. Her choice of words irked him, but he set it aside for the moment. "You once told me that you do not care much for <em>publicity</em> or <em>fame</em>. In fact, despite your fame, you have always kept yourself from the public eye. Do you think, knowing who <em>you</em> <em>are</em>, that you are capable or even worthy of the role you have chosen? Have you thought of its consequences?" 

Blaze carefully thought over his response before answering. There was a lot hidden behind Clio's words. 

"You're right, Ms. Clio. I have no desire nor love for <em>fame</em> or for <em>wealth</em>. My actions may often appear otherwise, but I'd rather remain unknown and invisible. However... 

"<em>I</em> am not <em>scared</em> to be seen. If there is one thing I know about myself for sure, it is that I am <em>brave</em>. If I <em>must stand up</em> for what I believe is right, I shall <em>not hide</em>. I may apologize for my mistakes, but I will <em>not</em> apologize for standing up and taking action. 

"I do not care if it is an angel, a pixie, an Undine, or any other race. If they are being oppressed, I will come forth, and offer my hand. It is <em>their</em> choice to take it," he said, pointing towards the Azalea and the Undine. Then, he looked towards Clio and the whole crowd. "<em>This is me</em>." 

Clio felt a tingle course down her spine at his words, and she could tell that she wasn't alone. It had been a long time since she had been inspired, and it had come from the last angel she expected, despite all his other talents. 

"That is all I have to say for now. Thank you for coming," he said, stepping off the podium. 

He looked at Jie Er, with Sky snuggled in her arms, and found her watching him with immeasurable pride and joy. Her look alone was enough confirmation and gave him confidence to go ahead with what he was planning to do. 

As for Jie Er, in that moment, she felt that even if things didn't turn out for the best, she would always be proud of him. 

oOoOo 

<strong><em>Epilogue</em></strong> 

On the eve of the day when Blaze addressed the crowd, Elyssa spoke to her mothers in her bedroom. 

"Mum, Mom. I <em>need</em> to become <em>stronger</em>," she said. 

Anastasia and General Lynn glanced at each other questioningly, before turning to Elyssa. 

"What do you mean?" Lynn asked her daughter. Their daughter was already the strongest in her age group, and time was all she needed to be one of the strongest angels around. 

Anastasia gently stroked her hair. "Life is more than simply seeking strength, Elyssa." 

"I <em>need</em> to be stronger than Blaze." 

"Oh?" Lynn said, "He certainly has the potential to overtake you, but I did not realize that you felt that way about him. I guess a little friendly competition between friends is good." 

"You don't understand. I do not want to compete against him. I just need to be stronger than him." 

"What is bothering you, dear?" Anastasia asked. 

"I just wish to protect him," Elyssa answered. <em>Even if it is only from himself.</em> 

oOo 

A few days later, Blaze visited Baozhai Rong's properties in D'Warka, together with Elyssa, Azalea, Agatha, and her sister, Medina. 

There was a reason Baozhai Rong had been called a silk tycoon. She owned a vast array of warehouses in D'Warka and controlled multiple supply and trade routes. There were also a few warehouses filled with energy stones, but most were filled with silk and wool. 

"Where does all this material go from here?" Blaze asked Azalea. 

Sky dawdled along in his wake. 

"More than half is sent to other cities on our trade routes. A quarter goes to clothing stores, tailors, and seamstresses in D'Warka. Some traders also buy from us to bring to smaller towns and villages." 

"So, she never owned any tailoring shops herself?" 

"No, not directly. However, she does have stakes in a few." 

"Why not?" 

"Because tailoring requires skilled labor," Medina answered, instead of Azalea, "and Baozhai probably did not want to oversee individual stores. Her time could be spent elsewhere, to make more profit." 

Blaze nodded in understanding. Mass production was still not a thing in Azra-El. 

"Are clothes made by sewing machines or by hand?" he asked. 

"Depends. A mixture of both, in most cases," answered Agatha. 

"Aunt Aggie, you brought around a thousand sets of clothing to sell during my matches. I remember that they were sold out pretty quickly. Why didn't you bring more?" 

"<em>Time,</em> mostly, but it would not have mattered, anyway. People prefer tailored clothes, made to personally fit them. The ones I brought were made to fit an average-sized angel, and they only sold out because of the hype and the low prices we offered. The shop we opened received many more orders and made more of a profit." 

"So, what if you just made a ton of clothes that were made to fit most people and offered them at low prices?" 

"It will not be profitable." 

"Not if you make them in large enough numbers," Blaze disagreed. 

Agatha and Medina looked at him strangely. "What do you mean?" Medina asked. 

Blaze pulled out a piece of parchment and a quill pen from his space ring, and drew a bell curve on it. "Let's say this end is the smallest adult angel in D'Warka and this end is the largest. The distribution of sizes in a city as large as this one will mostly look like the curve, though we have to figure out some of the variables." 

Agatha, Medina, and Azalea looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language, however, Elyssa's eyes widened. 

"Ah! I see! But, how would that help in lowering prices?" Ely asked, though wheels began to turn in her mind. 

"Hire enough amateur tailors and seamstresses, or train them ourselves. They don't have to be experts. They just need to know how to make one size or type of clothing. They will get better with repetition. We just have to match their numbers with the gaussian curve. Then, we can quickly make and sell enough at a fraction of the price of tailored clothing. The nobility and the rich may not be interested in them, but what about the commoners?" 

The expressions Agatha and Medina wore got stranger. "It will need a huge initial investment and will carry heavy risk. If our wares do not sell, we may lose everything," Agatha said. 

"Not if we survive long enough. Once we hit the tipping point, there will only be profits," Medina countered. 

"Well, I will need your help if I am to do this, aunties," he said to the two older angels. "Let me worry about the investment side of things, but I will need your help in all the other aspects. What do you say? Are you in?" 

"Will we sell under the Blazing Furies brand?" asked Agatha. 

"No. Let's keep it separate. Blazing Furies should only sell quality tailored products. We will make another brand to sell cheaper mass-produced goods. So, what do you say? Want to take a <em>risk</em> with me?" 

"Alright," they said, surprising him. 

"Azalea, sell all the stakes we have in other clothing stores. We will need the money. Aunties, can you start looking for workers? I think we should start with at least a hundred or two. Half should have some experience, but we can train the other half. I think you will find a lot of Undine willing to work for us," he said to them, before turning to Elyssa. "Looks like I will be staying in D'Warka for a little while longer. Wanna keep me company until I leave for Xian?" 

oOo 

A week later, Blaze called Clio, Azalea, Astrid, Siofra, Brija, and Aahna over to Elyssa's manor. Azalea and Brija arrived early to prepare the meeting room. 

As Blaze and Elyssa waited for the others, he sat Elyssa outside the meeting room and spoke to her. Sky sat on the floor by his feet, while Splash idly nibbled on his tail feathers. 

"There is a matter I can't tell you, Elyssa," he said, in a strange tone that Elyssa couldn't recognize. It was as if he was imitating someone. "I know this has upset you in the past. You felt like it was because of lack of trust or <em>confidence</em>." 

"What the Hela are you spouting?" 

"But, it is because I admire you and I love you, that I am going to keep secrets from you." 

"Is this one of your weird jokes?" 

"Not entirely," Blaze sighed, returning to his normal voice. "I am forming a semi-secretive group. You can't be a part of it or ask me about its business, Elyssa." 

"Why not?" 

"I need you to be outside of it, Ely, and for that reason, you can't know about what we are doing." 

Elyssa studied his face for humor but found none. "Okay," she finally sighed. 

"Thank you," he said, with a pat on her shoulder. 

Brija approached from behind. "We are ready, Blaze." 

Blaze nodded, stood up, and slowly sauntered into the meeting room. Sky followed him, while the otter jumped onto the table to snuggle against Elyssa. 

Blaze leaned against the polished mahogany table that faced the doorway. 

Elyssa poured herself a cup of water and glanced inside as Azalea stepped into view from the right, while Brija walked towards the door. Azalea shook Blaze's hand and hugged him, before raising his left hand to kiss it. "<em>Don Blazione,</em>" she stated. 

That was the last thing Elyssa heard and saw, before the door closed. She rolled her eyes and downed the cup. 

Inside the room, Siofra stepped towards Blaze from the left. "Why the Hela were we hiding from Elyssa?" 

"To create an effect." 

"Huh?" 

"Never mind, sizzling sis, it's too complex for your tiny brain." 

"I will make your behind sizzle." 

Blaze ignored her and turned to the others. "I've gathered you all here today because I've begun to believe that the societies and the queendoms of the HU have become obsolete. They govern through ancient rules and ideas that no longer hold relevance in the current world. Azra-El needs new blood and new thinking. 

"Now, I <em>know</em> some of you agree with me," he said, looking towards Astrid, "while others may not, but I believe that all of you seek the good of the HU. And that is why you are all here. I want to form a new and separate society that brings together disparate ideas, until we figure out the best," he said, pausing for his words to sink in. 

At first, most of them waited for a punchline, imagining it was another one of his silly jokes, but the seriousness of his attitude quickly set in. 

"Do you not think it is a little too ambitious, Blaze?" Aahna asked, "<em>You</em> may be a princess, but the rest of us are insignificant in the grand scheme of things. Do you seriously think that <em>we</em> can do anything?" 

"I've recently come to know that there are a lot of secret groups in the HU that work and influence the politics of Azra-El from behind the scenes. So, our group will be a hidden society as well. I don't expect us to make any headway anytime soon, but we <em>will grow</em>, slowly and steadily. We may not make a difference now but imagine in a hundred years... Everything has to start from somewhere." 

"What is the goal of this group?" asked Clio. 

"To make HU great again?... Sorry, that was an attempt at humor. But in all seriousness, I am not entirely sure. I just want to do good. Uplift the weaker sections of society, rout out the ones that take advantage of power and hide behind false philosophies, make people aware and bring them together, and so on. To accomplish that, first, we need to bring together trustworthy people with a will and desire to <em>learn</em> what is right, and then <em>do it</em>. Our first goal will be that." 

"It does <em>sound</em> good," Siofra nodded. 

For the next hour, Blaze talked about his goals and answered their questions. He told them that he already had a powerful base to start from, and a steady source of income, in the form of The Furious Corporation. Astrid had access to the Malakim, Brija had access to a princess of Aranya, Aahna, through her mother, had access to the Aranyan merchant guild, Clio was a reporter, and Siofra and Azalea brought the support of the pixies and the Undine, respectively. Together, they had more than enough to start an organization that could one day be powerful. Thus, the group was slowly convinced of his ideas and objectives. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 22|
--------------------------------------------
"So, can I confirm that you are all on board?" he finally asked. 

All of them answered yes, except Astrid. 

"I am sorry, Blaze. I have sworn my allegiance to the Malakim. You will always be my friend, but I cannot actively work against them," she said, looking a little forlorn. 

"Is there any way I can convince you otherwise?" 

"No." 

Blaze sighed, but it was only a pretense. He had never intended for Astrid to be there, but when he mentioned the idea of his society to her, she had wanted to plant a seed. "I understand. Please leave, and I hope that in the name of our friendship you won't reveal today's proceedings to the Malakim," he said gravely. 

"You have my word. See you in a bit," she said, taking her leave and walking out of the room. 

Blaze turned to the others when the door to the room closed. 

"<em>That</em> is not good," Aahna said, looking a little perturbed. 

"It's alright. We won't be able to hide our existence forever. 'Secret' doesn't mean 'unknown'. 

"Anyway. From today, you will all be the <em>capos</em> of this organization, and report directly to me. You shall call me the 'Blaze-Father'," he said, returning to his mischievous self. 

"The freak does that mean?" Siofra wanted to know. 

"It's just a title to remain discreet." 

"Um, if you have 'Blaze' in your title, it is not very discreet," Clio stated the obvious. 

"That's why you will all call me your BF, except for Siofra and Aahna. Siofra will call me the Blazing Sibling- BS for short." 

Then, there was a short knock on the door, and Brija opened it. 

"Come in, Tonya," he said to Claudis' daughter, "Your term at your university for this year has ended, right?" 

"Yes, princess." 

"Good. Would you like to continue taking care of Sky for a little longer? We will be going to Xian soon. You will be paid well." 

"Thank you for your offer, princess, I will talk to my mother." 

"Please do. This will be a good opportunity for you to visit Xian. Also, you can just call me 'father' or 'daddy', whichever you prefer." 

"I am <em>not</em> calling you either.<em>"</em> 

oOo 

Astrid was nervous. It wasn't her first time in Cockaigne, capital city of Caledonia, but Cardinal Amanah Tudor had asked her to travel all the way from D'Warka just to meet someone. <em>Someone</em> whose castle was guarded by a horde of powerful Grey Ones. 

Cockaigne was the wealthiest of all Azra-El cities. Every citizen was wealthy, owned at least one manor, and lived a comfortable, posh, and idle lifestyle. It was a land that every commoner angel wished to live in, but the true visage of the city could only be seen through the hollow, haunted faces of those that served its citizens. 

Astrid found herself in a large, musty room of a gothic castle. It was a study-room surrounded by fifteen-foot high shelves, lined with old books that were marred by thumb prints over a thick layer of dust. 

The carpet below her feet looked expensive, but it hadn't been aired in years. There were numerous sofas and chairs in the room, but only a few seemed used. All the others were gathering dust, a black dust from the ever-crackling brick fireplace at the back of the room, close to a massive, heavy wood desk. There were no windows, but there was plenty of light streaming through the tinted glass panes that made up the ceiling. 

An old brunette angel, wearing a wrinkled old gown, sat in a grandly carved but cushion-less wooden chair. Her energy signature read around three hundred years of age, but she looked older. In fact, there was nothing exceptional about her, except for her lively purple eyes, which currently studied Astrid with great interest. 

Cardinal Tudor stood in deference by the angel's side, with her hands politely held in front of her, and it made Astrid nervous. Amanah Tudor had not shown that much deference even to the Cardinal Superior. 

"Have you broken off your friendship with the <em>unnatural</em>?" Amanah asked. The revulsion in her voice when she spoke that word was hard to miss. 

"No, but I have news. He is planning to form a secret society, possibly inspired by the Princeps. However, he claims that his aim is to do good." 

"That is of no relevance. Once we reveal her unnaturality, she will be of little relevance, regardless of whether she is a princess or a Righteous Fury. The only reason we waited for this long was to give you time to separate yourself from her. We-" 

"Let her explain herself, Amanah," said the angel in the chair, as she leaned forward to rest her chin on her hands, supported by her elbows on the table. Her voice was flat, lacking emotion, except, maybe interest, yet it was strangely pleasant, like a smooth note of a woodwind instrument. 

"Yes, Grey Mother." 

Astrid's eyes grew wide on realizing in whose presence she was in. There was always only one Grey Mother, the head of all the Grey Ones of the Malakim. An angel who lived in the shadows, and commanded all the nefarious activities of the Malakim. Astrid had always assumed that the position of the Grey Mother was, at most, second to the Cardinal Superior. However, the way Amanah was behaving implied otherwise. 

"Speak, child," she said, with a flick of her hand, her entire attention on Astrid. 

Despite her nervousness and fear of the Grey One, Astrid felt incredibly special in that moment. Such was the power of the Grey One's gaze, able to make her worst enemy feel like they were special to her. Astrid tried to compose herself, as she quickly went over her words in her head. 

"I do not believe that revealing the Fury's unnaturality will affect him very much at the moment," she said, trying to keep her voice even and contemplative. "Most angels do not hold unnaturals at such low esteem as the Malakim. So, revealing his unnaturality, right now, may only reinforce their beliefs and make him even more adored. I think we should wait for a more opportune moment. I think we should allow him to grow in power, and let our enemies gather around him." 

"Very clever," said the Grey Mother, her eyes finally filling with complete interest. "An enemy you can control is far more worthy than friends you cannot." She then turned to Amanah and said, "You have finally found me a worthy child to train." 

"I do not wish to be a Grey One," Astrid shook her head, immediately. 

"No angel right in their mind wishes to be tainted, child," the Grey Mother said. "Do not worry, I only wish to teach you. What you do afterwards will remain your choice. Amanah, you can leave. Make sure no one else knows about the Righteous Fury's unnaturality. The ina is right, we will only help her by revealing such a thing, right now. As for the Fury's society, let it grow, and do not interfere without my knowledge." 

"Yes, Grey Mother," said Amanah. She gave her a deep bow before nodding to Astrid and taking her leave. 

As Astrid watched the still-appraising eyes of the Grey Mother, for the first time in her life, she wondered if she may have bitten off more than she could chew. She was glad that her mother had accompanied her to Cockaigne, and she was glad that she had a <em>connection</em> to Blaze. 

oOoOo 

Capricious Dragon sees into <strong><em>Blaze's future</em></strong> (but it may be an alternate reality, so take it with a grain of salt.) 

Blaze lay sprawled in the midst of a large green meadow, nibbling on a reed in his mouth. His mind was empty as he gazed at the clear blue sky with a single, solitary cloud drifting by. 

"Hahhh," he sighed contentedly. "This is the life. I am glad I've got such a diligent daughter. Must be the world's way of rewarding me for all <em>my</em> hard work..." 

"Dad!" a voice in terror broke him out of musings. 

He sat up and spotted the little rugrat who took more after him than his mother, running up the side of the knoll. 

"Dad!" he panted, on reaching the top. Though the little brat couldn't fly, yet, he could run like a deer, especially when he was in trouble. "Dad, you've <em>got</em> to get me out of here. Nova's gone SuperNova." 

"What did you do, now?" 

"You know how you used to add random decrees at the end of the yearly declarations, just to be funny?" 

"<em>Yeah...</em>" 

"I thought I'd add my own this year. Tehe. Nova didn't spot it until it was announced." 

Blaze laughed. "Though I approve of your humor, I cannot help you this time. Your pops is taking the week off and needs some good ole' rest. Besides, I don't wanna deal with SuperNova, either. Why don't you escape on Cloud? Or, find Flare? She's better at protecting you from Nova's ire than I am." 

"Flare's meeting some of her friends from Tir. And SuperNova has Cloud with her!" he said, pointing at two distant specks in the sky. An angel with beautiful multi-colored wings, and a Quetzal that was slightly larger than her were quickly making their way towards them. 

"Well, sucks to be you, buddy. It's been nice knowing ya. Here's an ointment for yer butt," Blaze replied, tossing a small container at the kid and lying back down. It was too bad, but he <em>had to</em> sacrifice his son for his <em>own</em> good. Facing his oldest daughter's wrath was not something he'd want to wish upon his worst enemy, and the mothers were currently busy. 

"You better run with me, <em>pops</em>. Why do you think I came here?" 

"What do you mean?" Blaze asked, narrowing his eyes. 

"I've convinced her that this whole thing was <em>your</em> idea." 

"..." 

Blaze grabbed his son and took off into the sunset. It was better to let a SuperNova cool down, rather than try to reason things with it. 

<em>"YOU TWO ARE DEAD!"</em> 

"We need to find granny, or we <em>are</em> dead," chimed his son, from under his arm. Blaze had a good itch to give him an ass-whooping. 

<strong>YEARLY DECREES</strong> 

<em>Decree 16: ...</em> 

<em>Decree 17: From henceforth, an angry Nova shall only be referred to as SuperNova. How do you know when a Nova is about to go SuperNova, you ask? The signs of SuperNova are easy to spot-- flared nostrils, glaring eyes, trembling lower lip, clenched fists, and an anger that can vaporize you out of existence.</em> 

oOoOo 

<strong>What's to come?</strong> 

That's the end of the first arc of my story, folks. It has been quite a journey. Thank you for all the support, thus far. I couldn't have done it without some of your feedback and constant encouragement. I read all your comments, and they do keep me going. 

I started this journey on a whim, but since around chapter 10, I've put in tremendous effort into building a story and world that are intriguing, logical, and fantastical. 

Numerous plot lines have converged in this chapter and there have been many revelations. From the start, there were very few plot points that were irrelevant. I have also left clues along the chapters, though most of them won't be obvious on the first read. 

I plan to write a prologue to the next arc, as soon as I publish this chapter. Along with that chapter, I shall include an appendix that explains the little clues that I've left, leaving some time for people to figure things out by themselves :).  

I will be publishing the next arc under the name "The Azra-El Series Arc 2", so keep an eye out for that. 

As for when it will truly begin, I am not entirely sure. If I wish to make this a thing, I must consider other avenues, besides patreon, for making it worthwhile for the time I am investing in this. 

I will always continue to post on Lit for free, but I first want to rewrite the initial chapters and consider publishing- maybe a PG version of the story :P. 

I may include a couple of polls in the comment section. Please don't forget to answer them 

<strong>Author's Note1</strong>: I especially thank my editors who have helped me grow as an author and have been great friends. 

<em>DankMemez:</em> He was my first editor and I am greatly thankful that he offered to edit my work. I may not have come this far, if not for his initial support. He was quite hard on my ass to get my act together and helped me think about the story from various perspectives. I hope he is still reading this :). 

<em>Chris Anow:</em> Fast, accurate, and organized. It literally is magical to watch him edit as he reads through my story on google docs. 

<em>DrasticExplorer</em>: I, the Dragon Lord of the Universe, has given him the title Ser Perverted Explorer. If you have noticed a change in some of my sexual scenes in the recent past, you have Drastic to thank for it. Drastic is a great editor, but his true skill lies in 'improving' sex scenes. 

Both Chris and Drastic have become great friends, as we are often on chat together while we edit. I never thought editing could be so much fun. 

<strong>Disclaimer 1</strong>: I am not trying to promote any political ideology through my story. I just wish for it to be a complete fantasy showing all sides of things. I cannot do that if I view it through one set of ideals. Though I may never be able to get rid of implicit bias, I must look at things from all perspectives and I am trying my best. 

What will Blaze ultimately be? He will always oscillate in his ideology. I think that is a sign of growth. 

The quote "If you are not a liberal at 25, you have no heart, and if you are not a conservative at 40, you have no brain." strikes a chord for me, though I believe many may misinterpret what I take from it. It certainly isn't that being conservative is better than liberal or vice versa. 

Anyway, I can confirm that Blaze will always strive to be <em>good.</em> 

<strong>Disclaimer 2</strong>: I did not <em>steal</em> no music. All liability falls on Blaze. If you wanna sue him, you'd have to go to Azra-El. 

Dragon out. 

<strong>Adventures of Capricious Dragon (continued from chapter 18.2)</strong> 

Betty: So, Lord Dragon, are we now going to write about your terrible adventures with the sweet Eleanor of Aquitaine? 

CD: Terrible? 

Betty: Such an awesome creature such as yourself can only cause terror to us lower beings. 

CD: Hmph. Anyway, I am too tired after writing about Blaze's adventures at D'Warka. I am gonna take a nap. I will give you the honor of writing my adventures in the next chapter, if Phil doesn't return by then. 

Suddenly, a Red Giant appeared out of nowhere and began to revolve around the dragon, pulling Betty away with its gravity. 

Phil: Hahahaha, you crazy dragon! You've made a grave mistake by punting me around the galaxy. You didn't think it would help me grow, did you? Now, I shall teach you a lesson. 

The dragon narrowed its eyes at Phil and began to grow. Within a few moments, he was twice as big as Phil, and the two stars were once again bound in his gravity. 

The red giant's flames visibly retreated in terror. 

CD: Care to repeat what you said, Philly? 

Phil: Lord Dragon! I missed you, <em>so</em> very dearly! Each moment spent away from your graciousness was an unbearable eternity. I am so glad that your punt was <em>so</em> well directed that I returned right back. Only your greatness is capable of such a feat. 

CD: Hmph. 

The dragon snorted at Red-Giant Phil and turned back into his usual self. 

CD: Come here, I am sleepy. I think you'd make a good bed. 

Phil: Yes, my Lord. I'd make a very comfortable bed. 

The dragon clawed at the star like a cat making itself comfortable and lay down on its flaming surface. He pulled Betty under his head and went to sleep. 

As the dragon's snores reverberated the fabric of space, two stars conversed. 

Betty: You should've stuck to your brownnosing self. He shits out black holes! Why would you think you can take him on just 'cause you got a little bigger? 

Phil: Er... I guess I got a little carried away. 

<strong>Replies to Comments:</strong> 

<strong><em>Ahren:</em></strong> I can't stress enough on how much your replies motivate me to write more and affect the direction of my writing (you've already witnessed some of it). I hope you find a good resolution to whatever you're dealing with and I am glad my writing helps in some way. There is nothing wrong in seeking help, but somethings you just gotta deal by yourself (even if others disagree to the wisdom of it :)) 

I hope this chapter has kept up with your hopes :). 

Time: We always complain about lacking control over it, but I think it's the lack of control over the time we have is what makes <em>living</em> interesting. 

Astrid- a girl for him to love and be loved by- that is love. 

Blaze's Healing: As always, your interpretation is spot on. Don't tell anyone else. 

"Serene Absolution": It may exactly be the thing that Blaze is headed towards. 

Anyway, I hope you've seen Blaze grow a little in this chapter. The direction of his growth may not appear as what you are speaking about, but that is what life is. The paths it provides may not always lead to your destination. Sometimes you just have to figure out the hidden routes or shortcuts. 

Message from Betty: I always speak my mind. tHe awsamazing ovErLord and Peerless dragon is really as Magnanimous as hE claims to be. AND it's a Privilege to bask in His glorIous presence. but i am thankfuL to you for your thoughts, KIND DESCENDENT OF BACTERIUM. (Dragon: Betty, why are some of your words weirdly capitalized? Betty: PLEASE forgive my mistake, overlord. My gaseous flares are not very good at typing.) 

<strong><em>Pulsar Reward</em></strong><strong>:</strong> Your comment made me weirdly horny and very confused. Haha. Jk. I am glad I could make a star blush, even if you're an <em>insignificant</em> dwarf star. Bask in the glory of the mighty star devourer! Muhahaha (No double meaning intended. Ahem. I am straight, even for stars.) 

<strong><em>Anonymous (Wow -- 4.5)</em></strong>: How dare you call Lit just another porn site? This is <em>art</em>, sir! Haha. Jk. 

"I think this story has publication material" -- Just the words I needed to hear ðŸ˜Š. I hope chapter 19 makes you think it is not just another porn novel. I am thinking of self-publishing it without the sexy bits. Let's see... (What do you think?) 

Feel free to provide me with constructive feedback. I will always welcome it. 

"Your acceptance of input and criticism make you my favorite author here." 

Thank you for your praise, but I must confess. I think I am as affected by negative feedback as any other author. Anyone would be, if they worked on something for months and put an immense effort and time into it. And then comes along someone, who merely skips through the passages and says something based on a very narrow perspective. 

The only difference may be, is that I take some time to calm down - rethink from the reader's perspective and see if there is any value to what they say. Other authors may be too hasty to defend themselves and come off as rude (well, some may just be assholes -- but, those hopefully are a minority). 

<strong><em>Anonymous (Suggestions and comments)</em></strong><em>:</em> Thank you. I shall keep your words in mind. Blaze and Elyssa. Part of the reason Elyssa never fights with Blaze and goes along with everything he does, is because she is scared of losing his friendship - she never has had such a close and dear friend. But yes, there must be conflict to deepen the relationship. 

I am glad that the flyball match was interesting to readers who don't know much about baseball. As for the demons, you may be right :P. 

<strong><em>Anonymous (Wow)</em></strong><em>:</em> Your comment means much to me, as I am considering self-publishing this somewhere. I just need to rework the initial chapters. 

<strong><em>MasterPD</em></strong><em>:</em> So, how was the final? Any movement on the top three of your favorite writers list? 

<strong><em>Anonymous (Editor)</em></strong>: Please send me an email id. I will send you a message if I need an editor at some point. 
--------------------------------------------
|PAGE 23|
--------------------------------------------
<strong><em>D5834</em></strong>: Mr. Mister 'Broken Wings'? The lyrics do fit for Blaze and Jie Er. However, I don't think it quite matches my imagination of Vida's Lullaby. But hey, that's ok :). 

<strong><em>ViktorReeds</em></strong><em>:</em> Thank you for your sweet comment. WhiteWalls? Could you send me a link? I wish to know who you are comparing to :). The next arc is the demonic arc, so they will appear quite soon. 

<strong><em>Anonymous (I will truly miss you):</em></strong> Oi, don't kill me off so soon. Haha. When I first started, I didn't care enough to improve my grammar, but that has changed. I hope you've noticed the difference, and I am glad you kept going until you began to appreciate the story. I am sorry for making it seem as if I've left without notice. I did leave a note on my profile, but I guess most people missed it. 

I hope this chapter was worth the time I made you wait. I hope my stories will continue providing you a safe haven from whatever it is that you are going through. Your words may sound cheesy to others but they really do make me glad. Knowing that my writing has given solace to someone is more than I could ask for :). 

<strong><em>RanceSama</em></strong>: You finally came back?! I was thinking that you messed around with Momo too much and got your 'head' bitten off. Glad you are back, though, as sober as you could possibly be. This dragon needs his chapterly dose of madness. 

Fiora and Alice: They may have to take a break for a little while, but they are not gone from the story :P. 

Which mother did Blaze think was the better cook? 

Maybe he was talking about his Earthly mother... 

Why didn't Momo think of it? 

Because she is a pure soul. Even you can't corrupt her pure carnike brain. 

Do you know what this space dragon calls an angel threesome? 

A Triangle! 

Jeffery -- be careful around that one -- she may turn out to be more than you bargained for. Jefferey will be back in some future chapter for sure :). 

Also, Jefferey isn't dead. How did she get to Earth? Did you finally make your way to Azra-El through Momo's help? Oh, how I rue this day! Those poor, poor, angels and demons. Well, now I am glad that Jefferey is around... 

Vici, Vidi, Veni - CD 

<strong><em>Anonymous (Love-hate Relationship)</em></strong><em>:</em> Love Hate Relationship 

Hey Anon! Thank you for sharing your opinion, and I am glad you still love the story despite not liking the fact that I never reveal much about Blaze's past. 

I must confess that I do regret not exploring more of Blaze's past life in the initial chapters of the story. It was partly intentional, and partly because this was just a wish fulfilment wet dream until around chapter 7. Then I realized the story's potential and began to focus on the details. 

By then, however, I was too deep to suddenly begin exploring other aspects of his previous life. I will still do it, obviously, but it will be very slow compared to the rest of the story. Maybe, I will change that in the re-write (if/when I get to it). 

Anyway, I would like to raise some points or questions or whatever you may call them, in response to your own. Just for the sake of discussion. 

1. Firstly, I wanted to let you know that there has always been a 'story' behind Blaze's reincarnation. It's a part of the larger story. Me not completely revealing it is partly because of it ðŸ˜Š. 

2. If you love the idea of being transferred to another world, why do you want to read about MCs struggling or wishing to come back to their own? (Just curious) 

3. I do mention that Blaze was raised in a stable and moderately well to do family. He is also quite attached to his friends. So, I am sure he misses his friends and family from his previous life. I realize that I do not raise this issue very much, but I would think it can be assumed. I will try to add more of his emotions in the rewrite. 

4. Blaze has always been an adaptable and easy-going person, despite his occasional emotional outbursts. 

Now, he was reincarnated or transported to an entirely different world without any memories of how he got there or why he was sent there. Currently he thinks his existence in Azra-El is a freak accident of nature -- Elyssa initially considered the possibility of false memories -- a brain can do that when it can't make sense of a large amount of information. Blaze is not even sure if Azra-El is in the same universe. I mentioned that he started his bachelor's in the sciences (Physics/Math) -- he knows enough to realize that traveling to a potentially different universe is next to impossible -- unless there is a 'magical wormhole' somewhere -- there has been no indication of this, yet. Also, is he in the same time period? It is quite possible that he has been 'reincarnated' years into the future. Then, none of the people he knows will still be alive on Earth. If so, is there a point in going back? Can his new body survive in Earth's environment? Maybe, it can't live without energy. 

In any case, my point is that it is pretty unrealistic for him to wish to go back or hope to go back, unless he runs into a real God or Goddess. So, Blaze chooses not to worry about such things, when he's perfectly happy in this world. 

5. This is a personal opinion. I've moved a lot as a child. The longest I stayed in any one place was for my Bachelor's. So, I've never been attached to places. Family, yes. Friends-- only from college. If <em>I</em> was transported to a different world like Azra-El, there will be little incentive for me to come back to Earth, especially if I believe that I may be years apart from Earth. Now, I would think of my family and friends, but I won't be constantly yearning to go back to them. Does that make any sense? Closest analogy I can think of is my granny who has passed away. I think of her, but I am not stressing over meeting her in the afterlife. 

6. There is a motivation that Blaze has carried over. The quest for knowledge. It's not merely the curiosity of a child. He may express his wish to be 'lazy', but he is always reading or learning something. He has mentioned to the Wise One of the Ophanim that he wanted to be good at everything- that's not a wish that's unrelated to his experiences from Earth. On Earth, he didn't have time to learn everything; here he may. Yes, that's a wishy washy, and not a concrete goal, but it suits Blaze's personality. Besides, it's only been a year of existence in this world. There is plenty of time and story for him to develop a real goal. 

7. Finally, why is it a necessity for the reader to know of Blaze's previous life? Why not make sense of it through his current actions and current thoughts? This story is being told from Blaze's perspective, but he is not the one writing it. I personally never liked being given the MCs entire background. Why? Because then I could not imagine the MC to be anyone I want to in my imagination. 

I think that's all I can cover for now. I realize that you may wish to know more about Blaze, right now, but that is not how I wish to tell my story. However, I do want to assure you that Blaze's reincarnation is not some easy way to introduce modern humor or ideas. And even if it is, does it matter if you like the rest of the story? Blaze's past is not currently important to the story, but when it does become important, I promise that you will know more.